############################################################
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#-----------------GIANT ASCII IMAGE------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
#----------------------------------------------------------#
############################################################

THE SIXLER'S AWESOME WALKTHROUGH AND ULTIMATE GUIDE

###################
#TABLE OF CONTENTS#
###################

To get to a chapter quickly, hit ctrl+f for the find menu, then 
search for the bracketed text next to each chapter.

I. WALKTHROUGH[WLK]
   1. Beginning
   2. Taurus
   3. Cygnus
   4. Lyra
   5. Admins
   6. Libra
   7. Ophiuca
   8. Gemini
   9. Endgame
   10. Or is it?
II. FM-IANS[FMN]
III. BATTLECARDS[BDC]
IV. SHOPS[SHP]
V. UPGRADES[UPD]
VI. VIRUSES[VRS]
VII. JOBS[JBS]
VIII. CIPHERS[CPH]
IX. VERSION HISTORY[VHZ]
X. CREDITS[CRT]
XI. COPYRIGHT AND CONTACT INFO[CPF]



#############
#WALKTHROUGH#[WLK]
#############

PART ONE: BEGINNING

Day 0

This game starts off with a backstory. Basically, NAZA 
(Space Association Thing) has invented the updated version of 
a friendship, the BrotherBand. NAZA launched a space station, 
dubbed 'Peace,' which disappeared, after dropping a piece into 
the ocean. NAZA lost hope in the project, putting it on 
indefinite hiatus.

3 YEARS LATER

Day 1

A woman, your mother, is talking to Aaron Boreal, a former 
associate of your father's, about Kelvin Stelar and you,
and the 'accident.' You enter, and your mom has you greet 
Mr. Boreal. You are then asked to enter your name, first and 
last, in 6 characters for each. The default is Geo Stelar. 
After this, some talking occurs and you obtain some sweet 
specs, the Visualizer. You talk some more, then leave the house.

You recieve an email, detailing the basics of the Transer, 
and your menu screen. It says they're worn on the arm, and 
act as PDAs, with functions such as phone, and email. They 
also store your Personal Page, and you can switch screens 
by hitting select. You can use select to choose navis, then 
hit L to use them. Transers also make Brother Bands work.

Now head to Vista Point, which is to the top right of this 
map. A cutscene commences, when a girl and two boys approach 
you. You learn of Luna, the class president, Bud, the 
strongman, and Zack, the smarter, nerdy, short guy. Apparently 
Luna wants you to come to school. Conversing commences, then you 
leave.

You will recieve an Email from Luna, a tutorial on the 
Personal Page. Here you learn about the Brothers and Personal 
Page. BrotherBands are explained. You learn that you can send 
mail, or trade data with your Brothers, from anywhere! You'll 
look at your personal page for a bit, then press A. Next she'll 
discuss the favorite cards. Brothers can share each others 
favorite cards, and your own favorite cards are always white! 
(more on this later) Next she'll mention the Best Combo, 
which she doesn't know about, but that's not important until 
later in the game. She explains link abilities, how Brothers 
give each other special powers in battle. You then are 
explained the Message System. You can change up your messages 
whenever you want, and people can read them too. Amazing. 
You'll have to enter one, but it doesn't matter what it is. 
Mine was 'I just pooped.' After this, you'll learn about 
SECRETS, which are simply glorified messages. You'll need to 
make one of these too. (Mine: I didn't really poop) After this, 
you're done.

Geo will say you have mail, which is basically a recap of what 
you just did.

Head up the stairs, for another cutscene. 
Geo: Wahhh, i miss my daddy wahhh.
Then you get zapped.

ENTER: OMEGA XIS. You'll talk to a monster, an FM-ian, 
called Omega-Xis, or Mega. He talks about some stuff, 
namely the waveworld, and your visualizer. If you like plot, I
 suggest paying attention to the cutscene.

Then you hear a noise, and a train is blocking the exit. Omega 
says some stuff and you'll see a wavehole. You learn that the 
R button Pulses In, that is, enters the wave world. You also 
learn that Y toggles the Visualizer. Now Head over to the 
wavehole and pulse in. You argue a bit, and learn you can 
pulse out by pressing R or walking back onto that portal you 
appeared on. You are told that you get a hint by pressing L.

Now you can move, so try it out, it's a blast, and it's an 
important part of the game. You'll have to walk on the roads 
over to where the train is. On a dead end near the cd looking 
thing above the train(the wavehole), you'll enter another 
cutscene. You'll be prompted to touch the wavehole to pulse 
into that, entering the Train's "CompSpace." Do so now.

Now run to the middle of the CompSpace(up and left.) You'll 
see a few Mets. Cutscene. You'll be told to fight them, and 
after some prodding, you do so. Now you'll learn how to fight.

FIGHT: METS
You learn about the custom screen. Here's the 411. You have 6 
cards to choose from. You can choose two cards in the same column,
or 2 or more of the same exact card. Pressing R lets you learn 
about the card, and pressing L lets you try to run away. You'll 
get to pick cards, so go wild. I suggest the two cannons.

Then press OK. You are told that the cards you selected appear 
at the bottom of the top screen. It gives the name of the card, 
the attack power, and rectangles representing the next cards 
you've selected. Mega says you can fire your Megabuster by
pressing B. If you hold it, you shoot rapid fire. By not using 
card attacks or shooting, you can charge your buster to shoot 
a charge attack. At this point, it does 10 times the damage of 
your Megabuster(so 10 damage.) He'll tell you the thing at the 
top left is your HP, and the thing at the top right is your 
custom gauge. When it fills, you can press L or R to re-enter 
the custom screen. You can move by pressing left and right. 
You can start the battle now.

Shoot up the dudes. How these guys work is the one up front will 
move left or right until he lines up with you, then will fire 
off a shockwave. Then the next met back will start moving, and 
do the same thing. Rinse, repeat. So shoot your buster, move left 
and right, fire the charge shot, use your cards, re-enter the 
custom screen, dodge attacks, get hit by attacks, do whatever! 
Or if you want to win, just hit the first one with a cannon, 
then hit the other one with a cannon.

FIGHT: MORE METS
Mega explains white cards. These break the rules to traditional 
card choosing you learned last battle. Pick some cards and hit 
OK. I picked airspread, Atk+10, and Sword. Mega explains the 
finer points of battling, namely, the MegaAttack. If you press 
down, you'll enter a scanning mode. When you line up with an 
enemy, a circle sight appears on them. If you use a card attack 
at this point, Mega will dash up to the enemy before attacking. 
This way, you can hit far away enemies.

Commence the battle. You should hit either of the first two mets 
with the beefed up airspread, then lock on and MegaAttack the 
last met with the sword card. Or use your buster. I don't really 
care.

FIGHT: EVEN MORE METS
Mega explains Counter and Bonus Card. If you hit the enemy with 
a non-time freezing card attack while he's in the process of 
attacking, or right before he attacks, you will score a counter. 
This stuns the enemy for a bit, and gives you a Bonus Card. This 
random card appears after the rest of your cards you selected. So 
pick some cards and start the battle. I picked a couple Cannons. 
You're going want to counter one or all of the mets with the 
cannon. Use the bonus cards to finish the battle.

PROTIP: Press Y in battle to put up a shield for a little while. 
This blocks some attacks, but wastes your charged buster's shot, 
if you have one.

The day should end about now.

PART TWO: TAURUS

DAY 2

While you're in bed, your mom tells you she's going to work, and 
that you should try going to school. She leaves, and Geo and Mega 
have a nice talk about friendship. Mega pulls you out of your bed 
enclosure, and will tell you to go outside. So go outside, and 
you'll recieve some mail. Go ahead and read it, if you want. Go 
talk to everyone outside, there should be 5 of them. After that, 
Mega convices you to go into peoples transers. Pulse into the 
wavehole near the Big Wave store, and you'll notice the people 
in the real world have text boxes above them. Getting into one 
is like pulsing into a CompSpace, but you don't have to be close 
to it, you just have to be able to see it. Tap the person or the 
text box to hop into the transer.

Now you're on the real wave world. You'll be able to get into 
random Wave Battles with viruses. If you lose, it's game over, 
but if you win, your netbattling rank is shown. The better you 
do, the higher the rank is in each battle. Also, you get a prize. 
The higher your rank, the better your prize. It's random what you 
get, but the higher your rank, the better chance you have of 
getting a battlecard. You can also recieve Zenny, and HP, if you 
get hurt a lot. You'll also see crystal looking things on the 
wave roads. These are called Mystery Waves, and they come in 
three varieties. The blue ones are a one shot only. They have a 
set item in them, be it Zenny, Subcards, Battlecards, or other 
fun goodies. Next are the green ones. These appear randomly on 
the net and have random things in them, zenny, or battlecards. 
The red/purple ones are locked, and can be unlocked with a 
certain subcard, but are otherwise like blue ones.

PROTIP: If you are in a CompSpace, and you pulse out with the R 
button, you will return to the Wave Road from whence you entered 
the Space. Pulsing out again will take you take you back to the 
big Wavehole you pulsed into on the real world.

Now that you have had a handle on the net, go wild. You can enter 
the CompSpaces, fight viruses, or just try to get the job done. 
Go enter the transers of those people you talked with earlier. 
Make sure to read their messages, too. After doing this, Mega has 
a bad feeling. Go up into the CompSpace of the yellow car towards 
the top of the map, and approach the brown figure at the top of 
the Space. 

The Jammer, as he is called, will engage you in mortal combat. 
He has 200 hp, and flits around randomly, pausing to shoot at you 
with a machine buster attack, or appears in front of you to punch 
you. Make quick work of this villain and don't forget to use the 
shield. It's useful at times. You'll have a small talk. Then 
pulse out and head home.

You are waylaid by the 3 'classmates' of yours. Luna tells you, 
big surprise, to come to school. Then big bad Bud approaches you 
for some intimidation. Mega will have none of this and uppercuts 
him, knocking him out. Geo quickly apologizes and runs inside. 
Luna is mad at Bud's weakness, and threatens to cut their 
BrotherBand.

You see Bud alone, mumbling to himself, when stuff happens. 
Taurus, a big bad porkchop, err, cow thing, decides to fuse with 
Bud, much like Mega and you did. You'll then go to bed.

DAY 3 (Well, technically, it's day 5, but who's counting?)

Geo watches a startling exposé on a bunch of red stuff getting 
destroyed. Afterwards, you'll want to head to Vista Point. 
Apparently, you have mail. Go ahead and check it if you want.
Your spider sense will start tingling. At Vista Point at night 
time, you'll see Luna and Zack walk up, and talk about their 
crime fighting exploits, then leave. You'll want to leave Vista 
Point at this point(haha get it?) and a cutscene occurs.

So as Geo is walking home, a truck appears. The crew gets out 
and talks to you, and Geo apologizes to Bud. Then Bud goes nuts 
and becomes a cow and takes over the truck thing. It'll chase Geo 
a bit, and talking happens, then Geo will enter the Wave World, 
then try and enter the truck's CompSpace, but fail miserably. 
You must first stop the truck, apparently. When you get control 
back, head up to the yellow car, and enter its CompSpace. Go up 
and talk to the control panel. You'll fight 2 Mets, and a Giant 
Met. It has double the HP as a normal met, and 3 times the 
stench! Kill it, and talk to the control panel. It'll roll into 
the street, and the truck thing will smash into it. Now pulse 
into the truck for the game's first 'dungeon.'

Go up, and talk to the second Mr. Hertz. You'll have to mount 
that bull thing now. It'll go for a little then stop. Icons 
appear on the screen, which you'll hit with the stylus. Miss one 
and you'll get an X. 3 X's and you'll be thrown off to the 
beginning of the bull path and take 25 damage. If you get to the 
end, the bull stops bucking and won't try and knock you off. 
After beating this bull, go around the path and get the Blue 
Mystery Wave, henceforth referred to as the BMW. Inside is 700 
zenny. Talk to the red control panel on the path, and you'll 
recieve a red key. Take the bull back and open the door to the 
right. Ride the bull, then go down, and talk to the control 
panel to get the red key. Go up and get the BMW. Inside is a 
Gatling1 battlecard. Return on the bull, and open the other door. 
Ride the new bull, then go up and left to the other control 
panel, to recieve the yellow key. Open the door and proceed to 
Area 2. You talk about Taurus a bit, then regain control of 
Megaman. Go up, and onto the bull. Get the key from the control 
panel there. Go left and recieve an HPMem from a BMW. These 
raise your max HP.

Hop onto the rightmost bull, and take it. Then go left, to get 
another key from the panel. If you go up, you can obtain a 
SmEnrgy Subcard. Subcards are out of battle items you can use 
to various effects. Go into the menu, and hit the items button 
to use them. They are described in the menu there. Open locked 
Mystery Waves, be harder to catch, find the same enemy multiple 
times, or heal with these cards!

But I digress. Hop on the top bull, and when you get off, go down 
for a control panel, and, surprise! Another key. Go to the red 
bull, and get the key from the panel. Now, take the other road 
to the red spot in the floor. You'll be teleported back to the 
front of the Area. You can open that door now, so do it. Then go 
down the ramp and open the door, and go through.

I'd suggest saving at this point, although this fool is easy.
There will be a small cutscene, and Taurus will mention 
something called the Andromeda Key. Sounds ominous. Anyway, 
onto the fight.

FIGHT: TAURUS FIRE
400 HP
Fire Element.
He's pretty slow, so use the MegaAttack to hit him with some 
sword attacks. This guy is about as easy as they come. He'll 
charge down your column every once in a while, so dodge that. 
Then he'll teleport to the middle of the screen and breathe 
fire in a T shape. You can't really dodge it, so use your 
shield.

After the fight, Geo doesnt believe he pwn'd up that fool. 
Apparently, the others will return to the real world in a jiffy, 
so don't worry about them. Geo asks about Andromeda, but Mega 
won't say anything about it. Luna wakes up, and Geo announces 
himself as Megaman, then vanishes. Mysterious.

Meanwhile, in the real world, Luna wakes up Bud and Zack, and 
Bud says that he was the one breaking the stuff. (Bulls hate 
red, get it?) Luna tells them to clean up later. Mega and Geo 
have a heartfelt chat. Then the day is done.

PART THREE: CYGNUS

DAY 4

At Vista point, Geo and Mega are talking about the sky. Then a 
sickly looking guy flies by on a pair of wings, and crashes. 
Mega has another bad feeling, and you go talk to him. The man 
removes his wings. Mega tries to get a closer look, but the 
creepy sick man stops Geo. They talk about this thing, called 
the Flap Pack. The guy is pretty protective, almost paranoid 
about this thing. You decide to leave. 

On your way home, you hear the Bat Signal. Mega tells Geo to 
find out what it is. Go up and left and talk to the kids by the 
tree. Apparently, they got their ball stuck in a tree and want 
it out. You decide to help. You're going to want to go back and 
talk to the flying man, who won't help you. You argue a bit, 
but as he reminds you, "No means no! Not maybe!" Go back to 
town, and talk to the man with the helicopter standing near your 
house. He'll give you the helicopter, if you first get him some 
juice. Head over to the vending machine by the Big Wave shop, 
and talk to it. It's broken. So pulse in, and go over, and hop 
into its CompSpace. In the middle is a Met. Go talk to it. You'll 
fight 2 big cannons and a regular one. Pulse out, and try the 
vending machine again. You'll get the drink. Give it to the man. 
RC CHOPPER GET! 

Go to the kids, and you'll slot in PropellerMan. You'll be given 
stylus commands to control the chopper. run into the ball and you
win. You'll get an HPMem10 for your troubles. Walk home, 
and you'll hear a voice. So head right. It's Aaron! You'll talk, 
and the creepy sick man walks up. He'll be introduced as Tom 
Dubius. Mr. Boreal will ask you to come by his lab tomorrow. 
Then the screen pans over, and Zack hears the whole thing, the 
little snitch. You'll want to head home now, and go to bed. That 
night, Aaron and Tom discuss the Flap Pack. Now Aaron will start 
to leave, and then ask Tom if he wants to form a BrotherBand. 
They form it. Then later, Tom is his stereotypical Doubting 
Thomas self. Then a flaming swan appears. They talk, and Tom 
reveals his TERRIBLE past. Basically, Tom is all like, "Wahh no 
one likes me. Wahhh my only friend betrayed me, wahhh!!!" It 
seems like they will fuse soon.

DAY 5

Mega and Geo talk, then you gain control of Geo. Go over to where 
the school is, and talk to the bus sign. The bus comes, and you 
get on. Luna and company will show up, and talk. When you get to 
Amaken, go talk to Aaron. Luna and her lame friends will show 
up, and they'll talk. Then everyone goes inside. YOu should go 
in and talk to Boreal. He'll discuss the antenna and finding your 
father. Enter the building, and you'll see Tom. 

Aaron will let you into the museum. Talk to him again for the 
pass, then enter the museum, at the top exit. Talk to everyone 
and look at all the stuff. Then Geo says something, and this 
will cue you to go back to Aaron. Talk to him and he'll give you 
a staff pass. Go into the lower left door, and then go over to 
the lab. A cutscene will commence. Tom is snooping, and as Aaron 
is talking, Tom seems to hear Aaron say that he invented the 
Flap Pack. Tom leaves, and it turns out that they were saying 
something else. Then they discuss Tom's Flap Pack. Now you're 
going to want to go back into the museum, up to the top. Talk 
to the man near the door, and get a space suit. Then go through 
the door.

Tom has an emo flashback, then talks to Cygnus.

YOU'RE IN SPACE. Well, kinda. Float around and talk to everyone
(there's 7 of them). A cutscene occurs, and you learn about 
space. Apparently, Geo knows plenty about it. Tom will appear, 
and shifts shapes, fusing with Cygnus. Tom will make everyone 
start spinning, but Mega forewarns you, and you dodge the attack. 
Tom says that betrayal is the essence of society, befuddling 
Boreal. He then pulses into the DeathStar thing. Now put on the 
Visualizer. You realize that there aren't any WaveHoles in here. 
After you regain control, talk to Earth. Then talk to the nearest 
spacesuit, and you'll get the KeyCard. Talk to Earth again, and 
KeyMan will ask you to enter the password. Hit 8, then hit OK. 

Now leave  through the door, then go down and left. Pulse in at 
the wavehole on the platform near the rocket. You notice a 
scrambled road blocking your way. Go down and around the path, 
then go right to get the MegaWeapon S Claw. You can equip 
MegaWeapons by going into the Menu, then into the Mega Menu. 
Now, head up to the dead end near the scrambled road, and enter 
the Black Hole Generator's CompSpace. Go up to the control panel, 
and talk to it. You'll get in a fight. Afterwards, you'll 
unscramble the road, so go through it, into the Space Sim wave 
road. Follow the bottom road until you can pulse into the 
DeathStar, and do so promptly.

Follow the road, and you'll see a planet is blocking your exit. 
So head to the left, and you'll meet some ducks. They are going 
to make your life tough. They'll launch stars at you, so you'll 
have to be quick, or take 5 damage. I prefer watching the pattern
of stars for a bit, then going one square at a time, hopping 
from safe spot to safe spot. If you have any healing SubCards, 
you can just run through, and heal afterwards. Your choice. 
Anyway, get through that blasting zone, and go up and right for 
a BMW with 800 zenny. Head left to the missile. You'll want to 
put your stylus on it, and slide it up to launch the missile. 
Time it right, and don't feel rushed. You have infinite time 
and infinite attempts to hit the duck. If you hit all of them, 
then the planet will go away. So roast the duck, and proceed to 
the next blasting zone. Run through the zone, and follow the 
path. In the next zone, take the bottom path. A dead end holds a 
HPMem20 in a BMW. On the next blasting zone, take the left exit, 
and launch the next missile. Now use the one-way road, and go 
through the now open door. 

Follow the road to a T-shaped blasting zone. Now take the top 
right exit from it, to another zone. The right exit of this leads 
to an IceStage battlecard, and the left leads to a missile. Hit 
the duck and take the one-way road to the T-shaped zone. This 
time, take the bottom right exit, to a path and another blasting 
zone. Now run to the top left exit, and launch another missile, 
head back to the bottom right exit, and follow the road to the 
right, to ANOTHER zone. The right exit holds a BMW worth 1000 
zenny. Now take the left exit to fry the duck, then head down 
the one-way road, through the deactivated blasting zone, then 
head down to the newly opened exit.

Follow the road, and head into the lower blasting zone. Take the 
second exit from the left on the bottom edge of the zone. Follow 
that road to a missile, and set it off. Take the one-way road, 
back into the zone. This time, take the exit to the far right, 
into another blasting zone. Once you're through there, go down 
to a BMW holding a Gatling1 card. Hit the missile, and take the 
one-way road into the main road. This time, go into the upper 
zone. Take the left exit, to a new zone, and get through that. 
Now go down for a RdrMissil1 card, then follow the path to the 
missile. Go through the one-way road back into the blasting 
zone. This time, take the top exit, and into a new zone. Take the 
exit on the right of this zone, to the missile. Launch it, and 
take the one-way road to the main path. Save your game, then go 
confront Cygnus. He'll talk, and Tom says he was betrayed. Wahh 
for him. Aaron denies the accusation, then Cygnus mentions the 
Andromeda Key again, and attacks.
FIGHT: CYGNUS WING
600 HP
Null Element.
He's faster than Taurus, and has 3 attacks. He'll launch some 
feathers at a single space, targeting you. He can also spin down 
two of your columns, or launch some of his ducks. Dodge the 
ducks by standing in the column with the white duck, then hit it 
with your buster. When he's flitting around, attack with your 
ranged attacks. I find the best time to hit him with a sword or 
other short ranged attack is to lock on and MegaAttack right 
after he launches either the wing attack or the duck attack.

After the fight, everyone tries to convince Tom Boreal didn't 
steal the Flap Pack. Aaron convinces Tom after removing his 
helmet IN SPACE, and Tom realizes that relationships are the 
true essence of society. Later, the classmates leave, and you 
talk to Aaron for a bit. Afterwards, Aaron and Tom go party to 
celebrate Tom's Flap Pack.

That night, Geo has a trippy dream.

PART FOUR: LYRA

DAY 6

As you wake up, you find that Mega isn't in the transer, and 
the doorbell rings. You'll recieve mail, and if you check it, 
it reveals that the Big Wave is open. Now, to the door! As you 
approach the door, an old scary looking man with an antenna 
popping out of his head bursts in, muttering about Z-waves. 
Geo mistakes him for a thief, and so the man introduces himself 
as Bob Copper. He is a policeman, searching for the source of 
all the Z-Waves. Apparently, Geo's house is chock full of them, 
and Copper's gonna put a stop to it. He'll see to it that the 
source of the waves is destroyed, which is not good news for Mega. 
He asks Geo if anything odd has happened, to which Geo answers 
no. Then Copper leaves, after throwing a crisp salute. 

Now you're going to want to head over to Vista Point and up the 
stairs. Instead of finding Mega, you find a girl, wearing pink. 
She asks if she's bothering you, then plays a song. She reveals 
she makes songs for her 'mama,' because they make her happy. 
Then she leaves. Then Mega shows up, taunting Geo about the 
girl. You learn that FM-ians are attracted to people radiating 
loneliness waves, whatever those are. Geo enlightens Mega about 
the incident with Bob Copper, and Mega seems suspicious about 
the girl. Then Mega tells you to go home. 

After you leave Vista Point, you hear a familiar voice. Luna and 
pals appear. Apparently, Bob had gotten to them, too. He broke 
into their transers, which really bothered Luna. Luna walks off, 
and Bud and Zack decide to ditch her so they can get to work on 
their fanaticisms for a certain young musician, Sonia Strumm. 
How cute. They run off, and Geo seems to pity them. The moment 
passes when you see ole Bob, and you hide behind a sign right 
before he shows up. Bob seems to be able to feel some Z-waves, 
but, failing to look behind him, cannot find the source, and 
leaves. Mega then convinces you to bust into his transer.

If you haven't already, you might want to take a look inside 
the Big Wave. The owner is a surfer guy, and has some 
merchandise. I like to buy all the HPMems before any cards, 
but that's just me. Also there is a machine to the left that 
will trade 3 of your cards for a brand-spanking new one. What 
it gives is pretty random, but if you don't like all of your 
old grndwaves piling up in your card box, its something you 
can do. Also, you can talk to a little red child, and it will 
trigger an FM-ian. Apparently, he will be waiting for you in 
the Amaken Foyer wave road. So if you want, you can go battle 
him now.

PROTIP: You can get to this point without editing your folder 
one bit. I totally forgot about editing mine, so I had some 
upgrades to make at this point.

So now go pulse in outside of the Big Wave, and head over 
to where those vending machines are, then go around and to the 
dead end to the up and left of where Copper is. You make as to 
hop into the transer, but Bobby puts up some sort of forcefield, 
so no go. 

Head back to Vista Point and talk to the little blue robot thing 
that wasn't there yesterday. You can't work it right without a 
card, but you can find the guy who can. Head back to the Big 
Wave and talk to the kid outside. The jerk won't help you, so 
pulse in and hop into his transer. If you read his message, he 
says that he hid the card under a bench because it was possessed. 
Now pulse out and run back to Vista Point, and talk to the red 
bench over there. You'll find a PitcherCard. Talk to the pitching 
machine, then run up and pulse into the wavehole here for some 
virus busting. You'll take the wave road up and around over to 
the machine, then hop into its CompSpace. At the bottom corner of 
the Space is a BMW with an HPMem10, so don't miss it. But go into 
the middle and you'll see a Baseball shaped console. Talking to 
it initiates a fight with a UFO thing called BellGong and two big 
cannons. Kill them now. 

Afterwards, you'll enter a cutscene in which Mega lures Copper 
into position, then you'll slot in PitcherMan. Hit the onscreen 
button to send Copper into a deep sleep. Now pulse in and head to 
where you entered the pitcher machine. From here, enter Bob's 
transer. Look at his message, then exit. Mega will haxx0r Bob's 
transer, erasing all of his vital data. Bob will wake up, and 
run off. So pulse out and go to bed.

DAY 7

The doorbell rings as Geo wakes up again, but this time Mega is 
in your transer. Go get the door. Another person with a unique 
sprite runs in, this one with glasses and a purple suit. 
Apparently, he too has a habit of breaking and entering. He's 
looking for Sonia, but, not knowing what she looks like, you're 
of no use. He's Sonia's manager, and she seemed to have ditched 
today's concert. He'll run off, and Geo decides to head outside, 
so do it. You'll hear the bat signal again, so run on over to 
Vista Point and talk to the train. You'll see that girl again, 
who turns out to be Sonia Strumm. She wants you to hide her, 
and the Manager comes looking for you, but you've just hidden 
behind the train with Sonia. When the coast is clear, you'll 
have to hide her, and Mega teases you. You two walk off, and 
Zack will come by, not really noticing that the girl he was with 
was none other than... SONIA HERSELF! He runs around, and you'll 
regain control of Geo. 

Now go to Amaken, into Boreal's lab, and talk to him. Boreal 
agrees, and suggests the two of you form a BrotherBand. Geo 
seems to think that it's a horrible idea and leaves. Then a 
blackout occurs(Not a very strong one... In MMBN1 you couldn't 
see anything in the blackout). Of course, you'll be left to 
fix it, so go pulse in by the rocket in the museum. Go up the 
road and talk to the first wave ball, to start a fight with a 
Giant waterdrop virus, a Giant ghost thing, and a regular sized 
UFO. After the fight, the ball disappears. Score one for the 
good guys! Now go up into the SpaceSim and you'll find another 
wave ball. Kill it and return to the museum roads, then head 
down and left to go through to the foyer roads.

PROTIP: I think its easier if you just pulse out then pulse back 
in before going into the foyer, but that's just me.

In the foyer, if you've activated the red kid in the Big Wave, 
you'll find a crab man chilling on a green square. Talk to him 
and you can battle. 

FIGHT: CANCER BUBBLE
700 HP
Water Element.
His main attack is flying around shooting bubbles at you, which 
you can pop. If it hits it'll encapsulate you in a bubble. He 
also shoots off his claws at you. You can't block this with your 
shield, so dodge to the far left, then far right, or vice versa, 
depending on which claw he shoots off first. His last attack is a 
tidal wave, but you can block this with your shield. If you beat 
him, you can get his mega card. This should be your first one 
ever, so don't lose it.

PROTIP: If you're running low on HP, go ahead and fight him. If 
you lose, you'll go back to full health!

A Blue robot thing, I guess it's a navi, will be willing to sell
you Sub Cards here. If you follow the middle path away from the 
Crab Man, and take the second path on the left, you can follow it 
to find a wave ball. After killing it, continue through to the 
next area, which is the Lab area. You can go around and grab a 
BMW containing IceMeteor1. You can take a portal nearby to the 
far end of the lab, so do it. Run along and take the path 
leading to the second accessible indigo square, take that road 
to the next wave ball. Be careful, because at the bottom of this
section of the wave road, there may be Cygnus Wing lurking about,
waiting for another fight. And he's stronger this time around. 
Now go back through the teleporter, to near where you entered 
this area. Then go right, and up the path. You'll see the wave 
ball, so follow the path around over to it, and blow it up, too. 

After this, you'll rethink the Brothers thing. Pulse out and go 
talk to Sonia. She'll ask you to meet her on the roof, so take 
the back exit out of the lab up to there. She'll tell you about 
how she used to live with her mom, who was sick or something, 
and she used to sing, and her mama loved it. Then Sonia learned 
to play guitar, and auditioned for something, then became a huge 
star. She would always sing for her mama, until she died, 3 
months ago. Now Sonia feels that her music has been cheapened by 
the manager, who is a greedy man. Aaron yells something, and the 
manager bursts out onto the roof. Geo tries to protect her, but 
the manager knocks the crap out of him. Then he'll take Sonia 
away. Geo has a little soliloquy, but ultimately decides that he 
couldn't have done anything. 

Now go home. As you're about to walk in the door, Bud and Zack 
stop you for questioning. He accuses you of stealing Sonia, but 
you deny the charges. They discuss their fandom then leave. 
Meanwhile, Sonia and the manager have a falling out, and Sonia 
runs off. A new FM-ian appears, named Lyra, and fuses with Sonia, 
in a amalgamation known as Harp Note. She knocks out the manager, 
and disappears. Now that's what I call a power riff. Now Bob 
Copper shows up, and is promptly knocked out. Then Bud and Zack 
are too. You see the cause of that, none other than Harp Note 
herself. you try to talk, but she'll have none of that, and 
shoots off a note at you. She escapes into the wave world and 
you have no choice but to give chase. Pulse in!

Now follow the road, you'll know you're on the right path as 
long is you follow the indigo squares. Once you get to the third 
one, Mega will tell you to get ready. Music notes will be shot 
at you from different directions, and you'll have to tap the 
arrow to shoot that direction, destroying the note. If you get 
hit you'll take damage and have to try again. If you win, you'll 
get 500 zenny. Go right, and continue up the path. Follow the 
square path some more, and at the second square after the attack, 
you'll see her. You'll talk and she'll run off. Go through to 
the next area, this time following the indigo rectangles. At the 
third one, you'll get attacked again. When you win, you'll get 
700 zenny. Keep following the indigo... quadrilaterals, i guess, 
and you'll find Harp Note again. She summons a large music note 
and flies off on it. Mega says she took off towards Boreal's lab, 
so pulse out and take the bus to Amaken.

Pulse in outside, over in the corner by the statue of a star. 
Follow the road and take the teleporter. Follow the path down 
and around to the left, until you reach a square. You'll get 
attacked. On the way, you'll find a BMW with the SrchEye subcard 
in it. After you get attacked, you'll get 1000 zenny. I wonder 
why she's throwing money at you... If you take the higher path 
at the crossroad, you'll get to a big square and find Harp Note. 
They talk about lame stuff and Mega doesn't want to fight a 
girl. But you fight anyway.

FIGHT: HARP NOTE
700 HP
Null Element
She'll flit around like the other bosses, summoning subwoofers. 
Then she'll jump, shooting out a music note down the columns from 
the subwoofers You can destroy the notes she shoots, as well as 
the subwoofers, though they disappear after they launch a note 
anyway. She can also shoot her guitar strings at you, and if 
they connect, you'll be held and she'll send notes down them into 
you for more damage. Another attack launch off a heart shaped ray 
at you in a T-shape. You should be able to block this easy. If it
connects it'll confuse you.

PROTIP: Being null type, she's susceptible to RdrMissile1. Its a 
fun card for most of the early game.

After you win, you'll have a heart-to-heart with Harp, and Lyra, 
seeing your mercy, has a change of heart, and becomes a 
benevolent FM-ian, like Mega. Sonia decides to quit music and 
train to become a better person.

DAY 8 (Technically day 12)
Sonia holds a going-away concert. Despite the cries of her fans, 
Sonia still quits. She talks to you, then bursts into tears. You 
hear the voices of your past. "Use the force, Geo. Make the 
BrotherBand." So you do. Register her in the Brothers menu, and 
she bestows first barrier and undershirt, which give you a ten HP 
barrier, and makes shots that kill you take you to 1 HP instead, 
respectively. But this only works if you aren't at 1 HP. And you 
gain a 30 hp bonus. Also, you now have a 31st card in your folder. 
This is a Brother card, which is white, and when chosen, selects 
a random favorite card of your Brother for you to use. Then she 
promises to keep Geo's secret, knocks out Copper, and bones out. 
That's my kind of girl. Lyra also says she's going out with Mega 
now. Then your pendant glows for a bit. You decide to go home to 
ask your mom about it.

PART FIVE: ADMINS

Day 9 (Technically day 12 + a few, they don't give an exact figure.)

You have a dream, or a vision, where three animal shaped shadows 
appear. They tell you that you're the chosen one, then you wake 
up. Your pendant is glowing again. Mega apparently had the same 
dream as you, and you decide to consult your mother. And you got 
mail. It's from Sonia, and says nothing of use. Leaving your room 
triggers a cutscene. You don't find your mom, but you'll wait, 
and she pops up. Apparently, she was talking to your teacher at 
school. Conniving shrew! You ask her about the pendant, and she 
says she doesn't know much, but says that Aaron Boreal might. So 
head out and go talk to the bus stop. Luna shows up, and, not 
surprisingly, isn't alone. They decide that you're going to be in 
the school play, playing the most important role! She convinces 
you to go to the gym, because that's not the same as going to 
school, and then you call her a satellite. Ooooh, big insult. 
Luna thinks it is for some reason, but sticks to her guns, and 
you decide to go. They leave, so head into the school. It's funny 
to note, that if it was me, I would just wait until they left, 
then hop on the bus, but at the moment, the bus shows no 
indication of coming. 

Inside the school, you'll meet Mr. Shepar, an eccentric and 
brilliant man. He accuses Luna of bullying you into coming to 
school, and says that there is more to life than learning to study. 
He takes his leave, to go meet his kids for some fun times. 
Now go right and into the gym. take the stairs and go up onto 
the stage. It appears the play is going to chronicle Megaman's 
exploits against Taurus, or CowMan, as he is called. Could Geo 
be asked to play Megaman?! It seems that Luna is quite taken 
with Megaman, (I smell a love triangle) calling him a true hero. 
Then Geo dodges a falling stage light, and noticing the Jammer up 
on a waveroad, decides to go kick some Jammer butt. 

Run down below the ball cage thing and pulse in. Mega will see 
the Jammer run off. Go onto the big rectangle, and take the path 
exiting the shorter side of the rectangle to the left, and go 
through into the foyer. Run onto the rectangle, and he'll pop up 
behind you. He grows larger, then initiates a fight.

FIGHT: JAMMER G
800 HP
Null Element.
This guy can't be killed. Other than that, he functions like a 
Jammer. He'll teleport around, and shoot off his machine gun and 
punch the floor. Get to the custom screen as soon as possible, 
but its useless to choose any other cards than healing or 
defensive ones, as he can't be hurt. Just dodge his attacks, and 
after you come out of the third custom screen of the battle, the 
fight ends.

He'll hug you, and you seem to be in a great deal of pain. Mega 
doesn't like cooties, I guess. You'll wake up in the real world, 
on the floor of the foyer. Looking around, you notice the Jammer 
is gone. Then you'll see a cute little girl with green hair and 
a pretty little purple headband. Her name is Patrick... wait, 
Patrick? He's a guy? Uh-Oh... Pat tells you he thinks you're 
nice, and says that you'll be good friends, then takes off. Then 
Geo remembers about the play, so run back over to the set, and 
talk to Luna. She says its getting late, so you can leave now. 

Head to Amaken and go talk to Boreal, who is standing in his 
lab, doing nothing. You'll tell him what happened, and he finds 
out the pendant is a transmitter that reacts to BrotherBands 
somehow. You could probably get better reception on the roof, so 
go up there now. Mega detects powerful EM waves approaching, and 
urges Geo to break the transmitter, but he doesn't. Those shadowy 
figures appear again, this time wreathed in magical flame. They 
introduce themselves as the Satellite Admins, and re-reveal that
you're the chosen one. Apparently, they are survivors of the 
planet AM, long-since destroyed by Planet FM, and they can 
interact with you because you share similar wave frequencies. 
They offer you the power of the Star Force, namesake of the game, 
but you must pass a test. Fight the Star Guardians, which are 
just golden Mr. Hertz, and you gain the right, nay, the 
privilege, to fight the Admins themselves.

So you'll want to pulse in now. The guardians are scattered 
throughout the outside area of Amaken, so go outside to the 
ground floor and pulse in there. Take the teleporter, then take 
the path up to a salesman and a guardian. Defeat the giant 
viruses to obtain the Starlight 1. Now you continue along the 
path, onto a green square, for the second guardian, and the 
Starlight 2. Go back around to the teleporter, but go down, 
then up, to the third guardian.  Starlight 3. Go down and around 
to a 4th guardian standing (floating) on an indigo square. He 
gives you the Starlight 4. Now head up and take the lower path 
at the crossroad to the BMW for a Hertz and an HPMem. This one 
gives you a Starlight 5. After you defeat all of them, the Admins
will appear on an indigo rectangle. Take the long path up to the 
rectangle, and fight your Admin. You might want to save first.

NOTE: Although all three Admins are listed, you only fight the 
one of your version. If you don't know which that is, look at 
your box.

FIGHT: DRAGON SHADOW.
1000 HP
Wood Element.
This guy will move side to side. His first attack is a woodtower, 
that homes a little bit, so move fast from side to side to dodge 
it, or block it. Next, he'll light up a few panels, then charge 
through your area. Depending on which side he comes from, you'll 
either want to dodge to the left or the right. He's not too tough.

FIGHT: PEGASUS SHADOW.
900 HP
Water Element.
He'll move around, generating two chunks of ice that fly down 
the column to hit you. Dodge or block these. He can also charge 
down 2 columns, being so massive, and you can only dodge by 
running to the left or right, depending on where he charges from. 
He's pretty simple.

FIGHT: LEO SHADOW
800 HP
Fire Element.
He moves about the screen, launching attacks. He can shoot a 
ball of fire at you, so block or dodge to the left or right. 
He'll also jump into the air, and you'll have to dodge out of 
the way. Like most attacks the bosses of this game use, 
the panels he will strike light up, so you know where to dodge.


After the battle, you get zapped, and gain the Star Force 
Power. Mega mentions planet AM having 3 sages before it went 
kablooie, then you gain control again. You can go ahead and go 
home now. So far, though, your Star Force Power hasn't 
manifested itself, so don't bother trying. Just go home and go 
to sleep. He thinks about his friends, and as such, can't sleep. 
He gets up, and decides to go forward in his life, to school.

PART SIX: LIBRA

DAY 10

Your mom talks to you about school, then you gain control. So 
head over to the school, and talk to Luna. Go inside, and talk 
to the teacher, who is standing in front of a big door. He'll 
tell you where your class is, so go to the left into the class 
room area. You'll want to go left through the door onto the 
second floor, then go into the first door you see. You'll enter 
the class, and be introduced to the students. Luna announces 
your involvement with the play, and whispers are heard around 
the class. He'll tell you to close your books, and listen to 
his story. After class, you'll talk to Mega for a bit. Now go 
talk to all the classmates in the room, including Bud, Zack, 
Luna, Pat, and 4 generic sprited children. Luna will give you an 
Extra Folder, so you can have two folders without reworking 
everything. I usually have my normal folder, and my emergency 
heal folder, which only contains Recoveries, Barriers, Invis, 
and the like, so if I'm low on health, I'll fight a battle with 
that folder, heal, then run away. Remember, you can't use the 
folder unless its equipped! Afterwards, Luna will remind you to 
come to the gym for play rehearsal. Finally, your big debut as 
Megaman is coming! Go to the gym, and you'll start rehearsal. 
Apparently, Pat is playing Megaman. Bummer. Luna does some 
complaining, and your part is revealed. You're a tree. After 
practice, go home and hit the sack. 

You'll see the principal confront Shepar. Always the idealist, 
Shepar claims that studying doesn't make people into proper 
adults. The principal counters with ITS ALL ABOUT MONEY! Also, 
Shepar doesn't seem to be using the Study Wave. The principal 
threatens to fire Shepar if he doesn't shape up. Shepar has to 
make a choice, between his students, and his kids. Then an FM-ian 
beams down and talks to Shepar. Shepar seems to agree with Libra.

DAY 11

Geo wakes up, and states that it is time to go to school. Now 
run to school, and get to class. Once inside, Shepar seems to 
have changed. He tells you you're late, which he's never done 
before. Well, that's not too odd, considering it's your second 
day of school and first tardy. But wait! The bell hasn't even 
rung yet! Shepar starts math class, and announces the use of the 
Study Wave. It starts invading your mind, filling it with, MATH 
OH NOEZ! Someone says that class is boring, and Shepar snaps. 
Then he turns into a giant scale thing. The study wave gets 
kicked into high gear, brainwashing all the students, then the 
scale thing leaves. Mega takes a desperate measure, and 
controlling your arm, punches you in the face. Mega tells you 
that you have to go after Libra, the FM-ian fused with Shepar. 
Pat tells you to stop it, by going into the studio. Apparently, 
he's not affected by the wave at all. What a plot device. Leave 
the class and run down and into the big red door. Shepar will go 
escape into the SchoolComp, and you try to follow, but there 
aren't any nearby waveholes. 

Go back into your classroom and pulse in behind the piece of 
set. Below where you pulsed in is an HPMem10. Go up and to the 
left, to the big rectangle. A huge Jammer pops up, and hugs you 
again. You'll appear in a white zone, and your admin will pop 
up. You'll decide you want to protect everyone, and your admin 
will go inside of you. Back to the reality, well, the wave 
world anyway, the Jammer is still hugging you. You'll gain a 
spiffy new armor, then get in a fight. Your Admin explains to 
you the Star Force. 1. You can select down the row on the custom 
screen, not just a column, though you can't pick a row and a 
column. 2. Your charge shot changes to an elemental type charge 
attack that deals more damage. 3. If you counter an enemy, 
instead of getting a random card, you get a Star Force Big Bang 
card, which deals massive damage. But beware, if you take a hit 
from an element that is super effective against you, you'll fall 
out of the Star Force Armor.

FIGHT: JAMMER G
800 HP.
Null Element.
Average run-of-the-mill jammer, with more HP. He can be killed 
this time around. Try and get a counter if you want.

After the battle, he'll disappear. You'll run off, and Luna will 
seem to hear your voice. Take the one-way road, then head down, 
to another one-way road going to the right. Take that, then go 
left. You'll see a BMW containing an Unlocker SubCard. Head up 
into the studio wave road. Take the last one-way road on the far 
left, for a BMW with a PlasmaGun2 inside. Take the next one-way 
road to a BMW containing Gatling2, then take the one-way road 
going up and left, and enter the School's CompSpace.

You'll have to take the one-way road here, but as soon as you 
do, evil test questions come flying at you. You'll take 10 damage 
for every wrong or no answer. You are timed, so think quick. 
You can identify each question path by the one-way road followed 
by the calculator floor tile. I'm not going to post all the 
questions and answers, because if you really need help with that, 
you should probably not be playing this game. When you reach 
the stone face, it'll be destroyed. To continue onto the next 
area, you must destroy all the heads. After passing the first 
gauntlet, take the lower path, and head right to open a BMW with 
HeatBall2 in it. Head back and go down onto the book. Go onto 
the calculator to another gauntlet. Kill the head. Go up, but 
don't take the left path to the locked door. Going up-left from 
the book nets you a BMW with 1600 zenny in it. Head into the next 
gauntlet. Afterwards, go down and left, and talk to the door. 
It'll open, so proceed. 

The first path to the right has a BMD with a Gatling2 inside. 
At the book, go down, and take the path to the next gauntlet. 
When you get out, head straight to the next book, then left to 
another. Take the top right path up, and go left for a BMW with 
a Barrier100. Head to the right into another gauntlet, and 
destroy the head. When you get out, head up to the locked door 
and go left to the last gauntlet, then go through the door. 

PROTIP: There are 15 U's.

You'll see a staircase made of staplers, but avoid it for now. 
Instead go down into the first test path. Go up and left and 
around to the second path, after beating this you'll be right 
near the third. You'll come out right near the start of the 
area, so go under the staplers, then right, over to the final 
gauntlet. you'll get out, and go back under the stapler, and 
hook around to the right up the staplers. Open the door and 
save, you're headed straight into the lion's den. Libra and 
Mega will talk, and Shepar will say he doesn't want to get 
fired. You'll talk a bit more, then fight.

FIGHT: LIBRA SCALES
900 HP
Fire/Water Element.
The first thing to note is that Libra is dual element. He is 
either fire or water, depending on which way the scale leans. 
You can tell which he is by the color of the rings at his waist. 
His main attack is to shoot fire or water balls, which spread to 
the left and right. You can block this, and dodge it sometimes. 
Then he'll fly up to you and shake furiously, before dropping 3 
spiked weights onto where you stand. Dodge this easily. His last 
attack is moving up to the middle and spinning about. This can't
be dodged, only blocked.

After the fight, you'll be greeted with a game over screen. 
Well, if you win, you'll go turn off the wave. Then Libra will 
be up for another round, but before you can start, he hears the 
calls of his classmates. Their caring hearts touch Shepar, who 
has a revelation and ejects Libra from his body. Later, there is 
a short epilogue about Shepar resigning as a teacher, but the 
kids made a petition, and the principal reinstates him.

DAY 12

It's the day of the play. Apparently Pat's out, and you fill in. 
You don the goofy costume, and start the play. You come on as the 
real Megaman, surprising Bud and Luna. Zack slips and knocks out 
the lights for a second, and when they come back on, Geo is only 
wearing the dumb costume. The play continues afterwards as normal.

PART SEVEN: OPHIUCA

DAY 13

It starts with you coming outside to find Luna and pals waiting. 
Your mom comes out, and Luna puts on her best kissass face, and 
goes to town. Your mom sees you off as you head to school. Upon 
arrival, you recieve mail. If you're following this guide to the 
letter, you should have 3 emails. One from your admin, detailing 
the uses of the Star Force. Next you'll have a concerned letter 
from Sonia, how cute. The newest will be from your admin, 
explaining the Best Combo system in excruciating complexity. 

Basically, if you haven't noticed, you can encounter enemy 
FM-ians you've defeated, as ghost data. Their EX forms, which 
really means a level stronger, are found in dead ends around the 
wave world. You can't see them but if you step on where they 
are, it triggers a battle. Then after you defeat it, their SP 
(level 3) form can be found randomly on the same map you 
encountered the EX form. 

How the best combo thing works is, if you are fighting one of 
these, and manage to do 300 or more damage in one turn using 
only battle cards, after the battle you are asked to form the 
combo. Oh, you can't use mega or giga class cards to form the 
combo. You give it a name and a cool thing to say as you use it, 
then never hear from it again. Kinda. You can have 7 combos 
stored, and one of these can be your Personal Combo. Now if you 
go to the roof of Amaken, A man will turn your combo into a 
battlecard. Otherwise, the combo does nothing. you can own up 
to 10 of these cards, called Legend Force cards, and have 1 in 
your folder at a time. It can only be used once, and then will 
be destroyed. Lastly, your Brother can also use your Legend Force 
card and vice versa.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanyway, get to class and talk 
to everyone to trigger school. Shepar reminds Bud to finish his 
homework, and asks you to meet him in the studio after class. 
Luna yells at Bud and Zack, who run off. Geo makes a comment. 
Now run to out and into the studio, the room where you pulsed 
into the School Comp. Shepar's in here, with, gasp, Bob Copper. 
He's investigating the incident, and pseudo-accuses you of 
causing it. Bob reveals that Z waves are caused by alien 
life-forms, and true to form, Geo denies all charges. Shepar 
plays it off like a joke, and has you go home. Bob starts to 
protest, but holds his tongue. Now head back to class. You talk 
to Luna, and she graciously extends the hand of friendship, which 
you decline. Then Bud and Zack show up. BUT THEY'RE ZOMBIES! They 
turn into purple flamy things, and that same friggin' Jammer 
seems to be behind it. He wants the Andromeda Key. You'll run out 
of the room now. Attempt to leave the school, and you'll see 
an 'EM Human' guarding the exit. You'll run back. Head towards 
the second floor and Luna will question you about the "monsters," 
and then you'll run into the classroom. You talk a bit, and Geo 
will decide to play the hero, quoting his father, before taking 
off. 

Head down to the wavehole in the hallway near the bathrooms and 
pulse in. Head down and left and take the one-way road. Take the 
path back up and the one-way road to the left, then head left 
and up the stairs to the second floor. Now make a trip up, to the 
first door into Classroom 5-A. Go to the third row of purple and 
green, then down it, to trigger a cutscene. You won't see the 
Jammer. Pulse out, then back in. Take the same one-way road, then 
take the second one you took last time, and into the door you see 
as soon as you get off. You'll trigger a cutscene. Luna will be 
on the waveworld, surrounded by EM-Humans, then the Jammer will 
show up and knock the crap out of Megaman. Before he lands the 
finishing blow, however, Harp Note shows up for the rescue. After 
a high budget action sequence, you'll enter a battle with the 
Jammer.

FIGHT: JAMMER 2
500 HP
Null Element.
As far as I could tell, he was just a regular Jammer with 500 HP. 
He didn't spring any secret attacks on me.

After you win, he'll mention Gemini. Odd. Sonia and Geo take Luna 
home and put her to bed. Sonia runs off. Luna wakes up, and you 
share a relatively boring exchange, then take off. Head towards 
home, and you'll see Sonia waiting outside. She'll ask you to go 
shopping with you on Sunday, and you consent. Then she leaves. 
Apparently your mom heard the whole thing. *Sigh*. Anyway, go to 
sleep. Then you have a cutscene in which Luna hears her parents 
talking about transferring Luna to a different school.

DAY 14

Luna wants to hang out, but both Bud and Zack are busy. She 
decides to hang out with you. She hesitates in front of your 
house, and before she rings the doorbell, she hears Geo leaving, 
and runs to hide. Geo heads out and onto the bus, and Luna 
decides to tail him. Once you get to Time Square, run up the 
stairs to a Dog statue and talk to Sonia. The two of you head 
off into Nacy's. Luna sees you and has a brief conversation with 
herself. Walk into the store, and up to talk to Sonia. She'll 
explain the concept of shopping to Geo, and you'll wander around 
some, Luna snooping about, when the store tells you that a snake 
exhibit is on display on the roof. Great. Snakes on a roof. If 
you thought red objects were trouble, just wait until you see 
this. By the double doors is a 5 card trader, that fetches 
better cards than the 3 card trader in Big Wave. Head through 
the double doors, and talk to the ticket machine (wall to the 
right of the girl at the top of the map) to get a Z. Finder 
weapon. The Z finder is probably the strongest weapon you've 
obtained thus far, but you won't win battlecards from battles, 
just Zenny.

Now head inside the exhibit. It's the big green thing with frogs 
on it. Read all the signs, and look at the big snake near Sonia. 
Talk to Sonia and the old man with the hat and crazy hair. 
Sonia'll get tired, and then want to go to a café. Luna is 
snooping, and makes as to run off, when in come her parents. 
To make matters worse, Geo and Sonia find her too. Then Luna's 
parents reveal her transfer to Geo. Luna runs off in a huff, 
and her parents yell at you and walk off. Leave the exhibit, 
and you'll see Luna, talking to herself. She hears a voice, 
and follows it to the source, an FM-ian flutist named Ophiuca. 
She'll try to convince Luna to fuse, and Geo yells at her not 
to. Ignoring Geo, Luna fuses, into a serpentine thing, and 
disappears into the snake exhibit. 

You'll want to follow her, but you see snakes are everywhere. 
So run outside and pulse in at the wavehole to the left of the 
exhibit. Head down the path to the little outcropping. You'll 
see a square floor with a bullseye thing on it. If you tap the 
thing, you'll teleport onto it. So tap it then run up to another 
dead end, then tap the next circle you see to get there. Run up 
a bit, then tap onto the circle on the green square. Follow the 
path, but before entering the exhibit through the wavehole, grab 
the BMW. It has a weapon, called Paralyzr. Although weaker than 
the Z. Finder, it has a chance of paralyzing the foe, and you 
can win cards from battles with it, so I like it, at least at 
this point in the game. Then enter the exhibit. 

PROTIP: At this point in the game, it is imperative to save 
often. The game is kind of glitchy, and often times, you'll 
run into a person or a navi, and you'll be stuck. You'll either 
have to pulse out or restart the game in may cases, so stay 
away from walking NPCs in tight squeezes.

Head in a general upwards direction. To the right is a BMW with 
a HevyCannon in it. Go to the left, and tap onto the circle. 
Then head onto the wavehole exit, and pulse out by stepping onto 
it. If you haven't noticed, unless you pulse out by stepping on 
the wavehole portal, you'll just end up at where you pulsed in 
from. Head up to where that huge snake was, and you'll see Luna's 
parents being squeezed by snakes. Luna, in a fit of dramatism, 
claims to have been reborn as Queen Ophiuca. She tells her 
parents that her own suffering is now causing their own, or 
something. Then a snake will come towards you, but Sonia takes 
the bite. Then more snakes will drop down, and you'll appear 
elsewhere. Head up and talk to Professor Snake. He'll tell you 
snakes are cold blooded, and suggests getting the place colder. 

Pulse back in, head through the one-way road, get outside on the 
waveroad. Go left, and tap onto the indigo square circle, then 
down and into the antenna wavehole, which will take you inside 
of Nacy's. Tap onto the purple circle to the right of you, then 
go left to a BMW with a Gatling2. Head back to the circle, then 
go left, and tap onto the circle on the green square above you.  
Head up and onto a square, then take the one-way road to the 
down and right, and you'll find a BMW with 2200 zenny inside. Go 
left and pulse out at the portal, then talk to the igloo. You'll 
get a Thermoman Navi card. Be careful, this guy trapped me and I 
had to restart. Pulse in, then head back up to the exhibit. 
You'll have to head up the one-way road, then take another left, 
and onto the portal to the outside. Head up and tap onto the 
purple circle on the indigo square then onto the green square's 
circle and into the exhibit. Inside, pulse out at the portal, 
then head up to where Sonia is. Use Thermoman to cool down the 
place, taking the snakes out of commission. She'll escape, so 
head down a bit and to the right, and pulse in at a now-accessible 
wavehole. Take the blue teleporter, then head up and into the 
giant snake. 

You don't have to talk to the Hertz, but it's worthwhile to talk 
to the first one at least, so do so, then go down the brown path. 
You'll have to find the antidote, and take it back to him to open 
the door. After you fetch the antidote, however, snakes will pop 
out different places and go along preset paths before 
disappearing. If you get hit by a snake, you'll be poisoned, 
until you get the antidote to the Mr. Hertz. When poisoned, 
you'll take 10 damage every so often. Go down and follow the 
path around, making sure to grab the BMW at the top of the 
second U turn. It has a Heatball3 in it. The antidote is at the 
end of this rather linear path. Head back to Hertz. Talk to the 
next one, then head into the new path. This one's pretty linear 
too, so I won't bother you with minutia. Once you get the 
antidote, head back, and don't get bitten. 

You'll be through to the next area. Head up and left to get a 
PlasmaGun2 in a BMW. Then head left and down, to the antidote. 
Through the door, you'll see 2 Hertz on the floor. If you haven't 
guessed it, then that means you have to track down two antidotes. 
Grab the HPMem20 on the way, and take one of the paths. Neither 
is really easier than the other, so just pick one. You can hold 
both antidotes at the same time, but if you get poisoned, i 
suggest meeting the Hertz after the first one to be healed. In 
any case, once you get the first one, take the other path at the 
crossroad for the second antidote, then get back to the Hertz, 
and head through to the next area.

The first door luckily has just one Hertz, so head into the 
foray. Grab the antidote, but head back instead of down those 
other paths, as they go nowhere. You'll have another single 
Hertz door, so go on the path. There's a locked Mystery Wave, 
containing JamMachineGun, a fun little card. Grab the antidote 
and head on back. The next door has two dudes, so take the 
lower path, making sure to grab the BMW containing a Recovery150, 
and get the antidote. Then go back and head to the higher path 
for the second one, then back again. Talk to the Hertz, save, 
and confront Queen Ophiuca. Ophiuca will try to sweet-talk Mega 
into joining her, but Mega isn't interested. Peeved, she'll 
launch into battle.

FIGHT: QUEEN OPHIUCA
HP 1200
Wood Element.
She'll move around, then launch snakes down the columns. You can 
block, dodge, or shoot the snakes to death. She'll also charge 
down two rows, or shoot a laser. You can't block either, but 
they're pretty easy to dodge. The laser will stun you if it hits. 
I found it hard to hit with Mega Attacks, so just load up on 
ranged ones, especially fire types. If you feel the need to 
MegaAttack, then I suggest using invisibles or barriers. 

After the fight, Ophiuca tries some underhanded tactics, when 
she hears Gemini. She'll ask for some help, then get zapped by 
Gemini, who says his piece, and takes off. Luna wakes up, and 
grabs onto you. As you pulse out, she comes with you. She'll 
realize its you, and puts 2 and 2 together. Then her parents 
come to. They'll steal the focus, and apologize, and Geo tries 
to sneak off, but is apprehended by Luna. Geo and Luna express 
their unbridled love for eachother and become Brothers. I wan't 
really paying attention to this cutscene, so I may be wrong. 
Anyway, She bestows float and an HP boost unto you as a link 
ability. Float makes bad panels do nothing, like no sliding on 
ice, no poison damage, etc. Not that it really matters. There 
haven't been too many panel types yet, and won't be too many 
from now on, either. She asks if you and Sonia are going out, 
which you deny. Then Luna leaves, and Sonia shows up. A couple 
apologies later, the cutscene (and day) ends.

PART EIGHT: GEMINI

DAY 15

An evil-looking Pat beats up a man, and walks off. Could that 
person really be Pat?

DAY 16

School is out, and you prepare to head home. You'll have mail 
from Sonia, talking about your date. She suggests a more "quiet" 
place next time, like Geo's bedroom... Make as to leave the 
school, and Geo sees Luna, and calls out to her. A mysterious 
person calls you on your transer, telling you to come to Time 
Square right away. Luna reminds you to be careful as you take 
off. You'll get more mail, this one is from Luna, telling you 
to be careful. Get on the bus to Time Square, and head up the 
stairs. You'll see an argument in progress, and you'll put on 
your visualizer. YOu'll see + signs around the two people, and 
you decide to fix matters. Pulse in and head around the path 
onto a deadend right above the bickering pair, and you'll blow 
them up. Then you'll see more people with those odd waves, and 
decide to nip it in the bud. Head left and up to a green square 
above some tables, and you'll confront a Jammer.

FIGHT: JAMMER 2
500 HP
Null Element.
A Jammer with 500 HP. 'Nuff said.

After you win, everyone wakes up, as if out of a trance. You'll 
want to head home, but you'll get a phone call. He reveals 
himself to be "Rey." Head down the stairs, and Pat will come meet 
you. How convenient. He'll ask you out, and you'll consent. At 
the café, you'll talk. Pat doesn't have any parents, apparently. 
He tells you about his safe haven, a place called Dream Island. 
Now hop on the bus to "D. Island." Once there, run up and across 
the street to Pat. Talk to him, then head up into where the 
flowers are. Geo will tell Pat about how his father was lost, 
then Pat will leave. Head out of the park, and across the street 
to see Pat. Talk to him again and go left, into the dump. Go in, 
then left, to a crane, and Pat will tell you about the place. He 
says he was abandoned here as a child. After he opens up, attempt 
to leave the dump, and you'll get a call from Rey, then you will 
be stopped by a squad of Sorterbots. And Pat's disappeared! 

You'll escape into a conveniently placed wavehole. Head up the 
stairs, then down the farther staircase. Go around and into the 
antenna. You'll see 3 Jammers, and then Gemini will appear. 
You'll have a quick fight with a Jammer 2 and a couple of giant 
viruses. After you win, you'll talk a bit, and Gemini will 
escape. You'll fix the Sorterbots, then jump out of the Comp. 
Pulse out, and you'll find Pat. Again, how convenient. It almost 
makes you wonder if he's somehow connected to Rey, or even 
Gemini. Almost. This is dramatic irony at its greatest. Anyway, 
get to the bus. At the stop, you'll see Pat, and your bus will 
come. But Geo has a change of heart, and doesn't get on. You 
offer to be Brothers (!) with Pat, but he refuses, because he 
has a terrible secret. He says that he'll think about it. Take 
the bus and go hit the sack. in a cutscene, Pat reveals that 
there are two of him. Then a guy yells at him, and Pat turns into 
Evil Pat, and beats up the guy. Pat reveals that Evil Pat is 
Rey, and then he has a conversation with himself. Eventually, 
Rey lets Pat be Brothers with Geo. 

DAY 17

The next day, Pat calls you, and offers to BrotherBand. He wants 
you to meet him in Time Square. Geo hopes that his dad is proud 
of him. Now go to Time Square, and go up the stairs. Pat arrives, 
and starts to tell you his secret, but he turns into Rey. Rey 
offers to be Brothers, but Mega yells at you to get away. Gemini 
will appear, and Rey will say he only ever wanted the Andromeda 
Key. Rey and Pat talk, and Rey convinces Pat to go along with 
him, promising revenge. They'll fuse with Gemini, becoming Gemini 
Spark. It's two people, and if you don't know why, in mythology, 
the constellation Gemini was really a pair of twins. They'll send 
out + and - waves, and escape to the scrapyard in Dream Island. 

So head over there. A backhoe will block your path. Go to where 
the green crane is, and talk to the guy there. Talk to the crane, 
and you'll obtain the card. Go back to the backhoe. You'll use 
Shovelman. Just use the stylus to drag the stick to the left. Now 
you can continue. Youll see some barrels and a stack of tires. 
Talk to it to recieve an HPMem. There's also a 10 card Trader, 
the best of all of the card traders. Before you can continue on 
though, a bunch of tires fall over, blocking the path. 
Apparently, no one in this game can move things, climb, or jump, 
except for in cutscenes. So, after you try out the card trader, 
pulse in. 

Take the teleporter and go up to the scrambled road. You'll have 
to jump into the wavehole there, and take out the Jammer. But a 
pile of trash is in the way. Talk to the Mr. Hertz, and he'll 
explain everything to you. You'll get a sort of radar. If you 
tap the ground, the icon will pulse. If it's white, you have a 
problem. Blue means your far. Yellow means your warm. Red means 
to press A where you tapped. THe Hertz also tells you need to 
find his friends, one by a car, one by a TV. If you have the 
patience, you can also find some BMWs, but I never did. Also, 
every so often, a fleet of bulldozers will come after you, and 
if you get hit, you'll take 30 damage and be deposited into the 
middle of the map. So, from the middle of the map, go up-left, 
and the Hertz will be a few paces past the car. The other is 
south of the middle, A few steps down-left of the TV. Now go up 
and fight the Jammer, who is paired with a virus. Beat him, and 
you'll get out, so head across the now-fixed path. You'll see 
another scrambled road, so hop into that wavehole, too. 

You'll have to go around and access it from a different side, 
however. The Hertz lost 3 friends here. From the middle, head 
down to the fridge. The Hertz will be about one step down, and 
a few steps to the right of the fridge. Up from the center will 
be two piles of guitars. The Hertz is to the right of the lower 
pile, and below the upper pile. Now go left. The second 
outcropping you see will have the last Hertz in it. The garbage 
will be moved, so go kill the Jammer, who is with a giant virus. 
Defeat him to fix the road, and you'll pulse out of there.

Now go through the road into the next area, and exit the 
waveworld via the portal in front of you. Run up the stairs, 
and you'll see Gemini Spark. You'll talk, and they'll escape 
into the antenna, and shoot + and - waves everywhere. Sonia will 
call to explain the far reaching effects of Gemini's waves. Now 
pulse into the lower wavehole, and follow the path and pulse into 
the ScrapComp. Talk to the Hertz, and head down into the 
scrapheap. From the middle, go left to the telescope, then head 
down a bit to the lost Hertz. Go up from there to a pile of blue, 
green, and red transers, then go up and left to find the Hertz. 
Now talk to the other Hertz and go up. From the middle, go up to 
find a bunch of piles of Met helmets. The Hertz is to the right 
of higher far right pile. There's no identifying marker for the 
last Hertz, but he's directly right of the center, and he's near 
the corner of the area. Now all of them will move the trash, so 
save and head over to the Gemini twins. 

FIGHT: GEMINI SPARK W AND B
1500 HP
Elec Element.
The first thing to note about these guys is that they have one 
HP. You can only deal damage to the one with the HP under it. 
You can hit them to stop them from attacking, however. They move 
about, and either judo chop you, or shoot off their fists at you. 
The fist cannot be blocked, but the chop can. They are easy to 
dodge. Then they'll come together and shoot an epic lightning 
blast that spreads to your whole row, meaning blocking is your 
only option.

When you win, Gemini leaves Pat. Geo says he never wanted to do 
this, which is odd, because he never seemed to mind beating the 
FM out of all his other friends. Maybe Geo's a little 
bi-curious... In the real world, Geo waits for Pat to wake up, 
who promptly leaves, after saying something about lacking trust. 
Meanwhile, on a black screen, the FM king awakens Andromeda.

PART NINE: ENDGAME

DAY 18

Mega and Geo have a falling out, and Mega, fed up with Geo's emo 
waves, bails out. Despite your orders, your friends come in to 
see you, and ask why you haven't been in school lately. 
Apparently, Pat has gone missing too. Luna reveals to her buddies 
that she and Geo are brothers, and demands he tell her what's 
wrong. Then Sonia shows up. She noticed Mega leaving, and was 
worried. Geo sends everyone home. Head up to Vista Point, and 
Sonia and Luna will find you. Geo gets pissed, and cuts his 
BrotherBands off. Meanwhile, Tom has an emerency. Aaron Boreal 
learns of Earth's plight, but we don't. That night, Geo has a 
dream of Mega getting blown up.

PROTIP: You keep any non-NPC Brothers you may have.

DAY 19

Your mom goes to Time Square, and you recieve mail. Aaron's got 
some news for you, so head over to Amaken, and Boreal's lab. Talk 
to him, and he'll tell you that there's a signal coming from 
outerspace, coming from the Peace space station. It's headed 
towards Earth. And it's full of Z waves. Bad news. Just then, 
you get a signal from space. It's the king of Planet FM, and he's 
going to destroy Earth. Suddenly, the wave world becomes visible 
to everyone. Then a giant wave ball appears above you, and it 
threatens to destroy you, but good old Bobby deploys a Z wave 
neutralizer, destroying the wave ball. Apparently, the same thing 
is happening all over the area, so Bob scurries off. Boreal tells 
you to be careful, then takes off. 

Go over to Time Square, up to the Mowai. A giant wave ball is 
draining a bunch of people, which I suppose isn't too good. 
You'll try to pulse in, but remember that you don't have Mega 
with you. Then a few Jammers appear. They'll talk a bit, then 
beat you up. But the Satellite Admins will save you before any 
REAL harm is done, and also blow up the wave ball. They'll tell 
you that you are important, and you shouldn't give up, blah blah 
blah. Don't you feel special? Then you'll be given a Giga card. 
DragonSkyGX, PegasusMagicGX, or LeoKingdomGX. You can only have 
1 Giga card in your folder at a time.

Now you'll have to go find Mega. You'll be given the useless 
HELP signal to look at. Take a bus to Dream Island, and go to 
where you fought Gemini. But a Jammer will be blocking your 
path, so hit the Select button until Pitcherman shows up on the 
top screen, and then talk to the newly-trashed pitcher machine. 
Pitcherman will tell you to throw the ball so hit the button. A 
short scene occurs, and you bean the Jammer. Now go through, and 
you'll see all your fallen enemies standing around Mega and Harp 
Note. Not good. They'll take the Andromeda Key, and Gemini will 
zap Mega, but you jump in the way. You'll fuse with Mega, and 
before Gemini can attack again, the FM king will call his minions 
back. Then a huge Jammer shows up. He has 900 HP, but he goes 
down just the same. Mega and Lyra argue a bit, and you'll 
reinstate your BrotherBand with Sonia. 

PROTIP: Save your game now.

Now you'll have to go to Echo Rdge. Go talk to Luna and friends, 
who are out front the Big Wave. Then she'll excuse Bud and Zack. 
Just then the waveworld becomes visible. You hear Bud and Zack 
yell, and you and Luna go find them. They'll be on the roof with 
some Jammers, who then take Luna. Geo turns into Megaman, to 
everyone's surprise. They'll hop to a different roof, then throw 
a waveball at Luna's group, which you'll deflect. They'll run 
off, and you'll give chase. They'll split, and ambush you, 
initiating a battle with all three. They're Jammer 3's. This 
fight isn't hard, so much as hectic. After the battle, you'll 
blow up the waveball, and meet up with your friends. Zack and 
Bud express their love for you, and you'll re-Band with Luna. 
Then you'll BrotherBand with Bud, who gives you some HP and 
SuperArmor, which makes you not flinch in battle, which means 
you won't stop your attack if you're hit.

Now go to Amaken, and talk to Aaron. He'll tell you you can 
transmit EM waves to space if you can find the piece of the 
space station that was recovered from the incident. And the 
only one who knows where it is left ages ago... Boreal's boss. 
You learn he's an old man. So go back to Echo Ridge.

NOTE: FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS TO THE LETTER! There are so many 
threads made asking about this part, because they've screwed it 
up somehow.

Go left and talk to the old man by the yellow car. He says 
nothing important. Now, go pulse in at the wavehole outside of 
the Big Wave. Now hop into the man's Transer, and read his 
message. Pulse out, and go talk to the old man again. Now go 
back and pulse into the wavehole, but this time take the wavehole 
on the antenna into the wave road inside of the Big Wave. Take 
the one-way road, and go up to get an HPMem. Then go down, and 
up the next one-way road. Go up and left, and onto the portal 
to pulse out. You'll be behind the counter, so talk to the guy. 
He'll sell you Tea for 3000 zenny. Now pulse back in and exit 
the building and pulse out by walking onto the portal outside. 
Go talk to the old man again, and he'll tell you he doesn't 
know where the space station is. But he can tell you where to 
find some data that knows where it is.

Now head to Amaken, then talk to the Space Colony exhibit and 
turn it on if you haven't already. Now pulse in and follow the 
road down and around into the third indigo square, and hop into 
the CompSpace. There's an HPMem, and at the top of the Space is 
a waveball. Talk to it for a battle. You will get NAZA data. Go 
into the menu, then into the item menu. Press the R button to
access your Key Items, then read the NAZA data. Pulse out and 
take the bus to Dream Island, and head to where you fought 
Gemini. Hit select until you have Shovelman in your top screen, 
then talk to the backhoe. Pull the stick to the left with the 
stylus, and the backhoe will reveal an entrance. Head inside, 
and talk to the control panel at the end of the road. Boreal 
will show up, and a waveball will appear above the control 
panel, along with Gemini. He zaps you and Aaron, and comes to 
attack again, but Pat blocks the attack, giving you time to fuse 
with Mega. But Aaron, barely conscious, still sees you change. 
He'll turn into Gemini Spark, without fusing with Pat, then 
attack you.

FIGHT: GEMINI SPARK W AND B
1500 HP
Elec Element.
The first thing to note about these guys is that they have one 
HP. You can only deal damage to the one with the HP under it. 
You can hit them to stop them from attacking, however. They move 
about, and either judo chop you, or shoot off their fists at 
you. The fist cannot be blocked, but the chop can. They are easy 
to dodge. Then they'll come together and shoot an epic lightning 
blast that spreads to your whole row, meaning blocking is your 
only option.

After the battle, Aaron questions your transformation, and you go 
to Pat. He says a moving speech, then faints. Aaron will learn 
about Geo and Megaman, and says it's too dangerous. Geo convinces 
him, but he wants you to sleep on it. So go home, talk to your 
mom, and go to bed.

DAY 20

Mega will apologize for getting you caught up in all of this. 
You'll get an E-mail warning citizens to be careful. You'll talk 
to your mom, and she starts crying. But she understands. Having 
made peace, you can leave. Go to Vista Point for some last 
minute confidence. You'll think, and on your way out, you'll be 
stopped by your friends. After a cool speech, they allow you to 
leave. Get to the dump, and go into the space station. Inside, 
you'll get 3 emails. One from Zack, one from Bud, and one from 
Luna, all wishing you luck. Continue, and you'll see Boreal 
collapsed on the floor! Talk to him, and he'll wake up. He just 
fell asleep. (-_-') Anyway, he'll power up the machine, and 
you'll see a portal. That's where you're headed. Sonia will run 
up and beg to take her with you. You'll refuse, and then go 
pulse in. There's an IceMeteor3 to your left. To your right is 
a dealer, so pick up a D. Enrgy or two, and a few Unlockers. 
Now head into the portal. 

In the space station, open the locked mystery data and recieve an 
HPMem, then pulse out by heading onto the portal. Once you get 
out, go down and left, and talk to the oxygen tanks for another 
HPMem. Equip Keyman as your navi and go talk to the locked door 
to your left. you'll be asked to enter a password, so punch in 
2183 then hit OK. The door will open, revealing a wavehole. 
Pulse in, then go down and pulse into the Spacesuit. Head to the 
top for the C. Finder, a Mega Weapon that allows you to only get 
battle cards from battles. This is a very useful tool. Pulse back 
out, and go down to get a BMW containing a VolticEye1. Now head 
up a bit, then right, and pulse into the door. 

The run down of these maps is you must fly around, looking at the 
constellations on the floor. You can also get a few items 
lying around. Head up and left, and onto the first flight 
path thing. Head left, and grab the BMW, containing a PlasmaGun3. 
Now head back to the beginning of the area, and take the right 
path. Take the flight path, then go up. If you have another 
unlocker, take the flightpath to the left and open another 
locked mystery wave containing Aura. This card shrugs off all 
attacks that do less than 100 damage. Talk to the door, and 
you'll have to connect the dots. Draw a line from the bottom 
right star to the blue one, then from the blue one to the yellow 
star to the top left. Then draw one from the blue star to the 
yellow one to the downleft, then from there to red star. Then 
draw a line from the blue star to the closest yellow one to the 
upleft, then from there to the last yellow star, then from there 
to the green one. If you screw up, hit retry to clear the screen.
Or consult the diagram I made. Make sure to draw from 1 to all 
of the 2s, then follow the path from there. I hope this makes 
sense. If you can't figure it out, then use the flight paths 
to fly over the constellation, then sketch it on a piece of paper.

----------4--
--2------3---
-------2-----
-------------
--2---1------
-3-----------
------------2

After this, you'll confront and fight Cygnus.

FIGHT: CYGNUS WING EX
1000 HP
Null Element.
He's faster than Taurus, and has 3 attacks. He'll launch some 
feathers at a single row, targeting you. He can also spin down 
two of your columns, or launch some of his ducks. Dodge the 
ducks by standing in the column with the white duck, then hit 
it with your buster. When he's flitting around, attack with 
your ranged attacks. I find the best time to hit him with a 
sword or other short ranged attack is to lock on and MegaAttack 
right after he launches either the wing attack or the duck attack.

After you win, he'll explode, and you can get through the door. 
Now talk to the locked door to the right. Then head back and 
talk to the pile of trash to your right. Equip Thermoman and 
talk to the big green thing in the middle of the map. Hit the 
air button at the bottom. Now talk to the trash again and it'll 
disappear. Pulse in, and follow the path to the right, and grab 
a Gatling3, then get to the door and pulse into the next Station 
Comp. Take the first flight path for a MegaWeapon that confuses 
with its charge shot. Follow the next flight path around, and 
head down to another BMW with an RdrMissil3. Pulse out, then 
back in to make it to the door faster. Draw from the red star 
to both of the yellow stars to the left and down of it, then to 
the blue star. Draw from the blue star to the grey one, then 
from the red star to the yellow one below and to the left of it, 
and from that one to the green. Lastly draw from the blue one to 
the highest yellow star, and from the blue to the yellow star 
to the left of it, then from that one to the last star. Remember, 
its supposed to look vaguely like a bull. The horns are 
to the top left.

-------------
-------------
----3---3----
-4-----------
---3-2-------
-------------
----2---1---2
-------------
-----3---2---

Now go confront Taurus. You'll fight.

FIGHT: TAURUS FIRE EX 
800 HP
Fire Element.
He's pretty slow, so use the Mega Attack to hit him with some 
sword attacks. This guy is about as easy as they come. He'll 
charge down your column every once in a while, so dodge that. 
Then he'll teleport to the middle of the screen and breathe 
fire in a T shape. You can't really dodge it, so use your shield.

After the fight, you'll open the door. Pulse out, and continue 
on through. Look talk to the first door, then talk to the second. 
Equip PropellerMan and talk to the control panel. You'll have to 
fly a robot around to fix the door. Take it right a bit, then go 
up to the control panel. Once you touch it, you'll fix it. Then 
go over to the right some more, and you'll see a panel at the 
end of a tube-thing. Then head left from where the robot came 
out to fix the last panel. Now go into the door and pulse in. 
Take the one-way road down, then take the next. Go right for a 
BMW with an HPMem10 in it. Now take the one-way road down, and 
go left and pulse in. Take the flight path down, and grab the 
BMW with HolyPanel. It creates a panel that you take half damage 
on. Head back and take the top flight path, and follow it. Now 
take the lower path, away from the door, and take the path to a 
BMW with some zenny in it. Now get back to the door, and talk to 
it. Go from the blue star to the yellow one below it, and from 
there to the yellow one below it, then to the yellow one below 
it. Then go from the blue star to the other yellow one, to the 
next yellow one, to the grey one, like a slightly curved line. 
Now draw a line from the red star to the closest yellow star to 
the left, and one from the red star to the highest yellow star 
on the right.

-------------
-------------
------4------
---------5---
----3-----5/6
--2----4-----
1----------7-
-------------

The line splits at 3, and converges at 5/6. After this, you'll 
confront and fight Libra. 

FIGHT: LIBRA SCALES EX
1100 HP
Fire/Water Element.
The first thing to note is that Libra is dual element. He is 
either fire or water, depending on which way the scale leans. 
You can tell which he is by the color of the rings at his waist. 
His main attack is to shoot fire or water balls, which spread 
to the left and right. You can block this, and dodge it 
sometimes. Then he'll fly up to you and shake furiously, before 
dropping 3 spiked weights onto where you stand. Dodge this 
easily. His last attack is moving up to the middle and spinning 
about. This can't be dodged, only blocked.

After you win, you'll open the door. Pulse out and go through 
to the next part. Head down and left, and Mega finally reveals 
what happened to Kelvin. He was slated to be executed, and Mega 
was in charge of keeping the humans captive. He was revealed to 
want to take on the FM King back then. Kelvin convinces Mega to 
turn them into Z waves, so they can escape. Then they disappeared, 
hopefully escaping. 

Now pulse into the wavehole, tap up into the circle above you. 
You might fight blackhole looking enemies, who can only be 
damaged by spear or sword type weapons. Think sharp. Tap up 
again, and tap up a third time. Now go left, and you'll open 
a BMW with a Recover300. Then go back and pulse into the door. 
Take the left flight path, and open the BMW for a HPMem. Take 
the right flight path, and follow it to the door, then go up 
to the BMW with a BlackHole1 in it. Go back and talk to the 
door. Draw from the bottom star to the blue one, then from the 
blue one to the yellow one to the left, then from that one to 
the farthest left yellow star, then from that one to the gray 
star. Draw a line from the blue star to the yellow star up and 
to the left, that doesn't have any lines on it yet. Now draw 
from that star to the highest yellow star, then from that star 
to the green one. Draw a line from the green star to the closest 
star to the left, then from that one to the red star. Then draw 
a line from the red star to the yellow one to the right, then 
from that to the blue one. Then draw a line from the red star 
to the yellow one to the left, then from that to the last 
untouched star.

---4---------7
5-----5-------
--3-----6-----
4--------5/7-6
-------4------
--3-2-3-------
--------------
---1----------

The line splits at 2, and converges at 5/7. It also splits at 
the higher left 3, and at the higher 4. After this, the door 
will open, and you will confront Ophiuca.

FIGHT: QUEEN OPHIUCA EX
1600 HP.
Wood Element.
She'll move around, then launch snakes down the columns. You can 
block, dodge, or shoot the snakes to death. She'll also charge 
down two rows, or shoot a laser. You can't block either, but 
they're pretty easy to dodge. The laser will stun you if it 
hits. I found it hard to hit with MegaAttacks, so just load up 
on ranged ones, especially fire types. If you feel the need to 
MegaAttack, then I suggest using invisibles or barriers.

After the fight, you will unlock the last door. Go towards the 
wavehole to initiate a cutscene. After this, save, go make some 
last minute preparations, then pulse in. Take the path up and 
all the way to the end. Geo tells the FM King that Earth was just 
trying to Brotherband with them, but his paranoia won't allow it. 
Mega then reveals himself to be a survivor of planet AM. No 
wonder he hated the FM King. The King will call Andromeda, and 
you will fight.

FIGHT: ANDROMEDA
2500 HP
Null Element.
Although the last 2 rows are missing, ground based attacks still 
work on Andromeda. Andromeda has 2 forms. He'll change to the 
second when he's at half health. In the second form, however, 
he can only take damage when the ball in his middle turns green, 
which is right before, during, and right after he attacks. 
Andromeda will constantly drop meteors on you. You can dodge 
them, but you can't block them. In the second form, 3 meteors 
are dropped each attack instead of 1. Every once in a while, he 
shoots missiles down 2 rows. This can be dodged or blocked. In 
the second form, the missiles are launched down all 3 rows and 
must be blocked. He can also attack the entire area. You cannot 
dodge this, but it can be blocked. In the second form, he will 
shoot a laser down any one column. This cannot be blocked, but 
it can be dodged.

After you defeat Andromeda, the King tells it to go for another 
round. Megaman is too weak to fight. The King urges Megaman to 
concede, but Andromeda tries to eat the king. Mega tells you to 
save him, but you can't move. Then your friends and father 
appear behind you to encourage you. Everyone lends you their 
strength, and you destroy Andromeda. Mega decides not to kill 
the King, and he and Geo teach the King about friendship. He'll 
reveal some of his past, and why he's so paranoid, and that he 
destroyed AM for trying to be friendly. Geo forgives the King, 
then offers his friendship. Then the two become friends. You 
learn the King is called Cepheus, and then the Admins appear. 
They discuss recreating planet AM together, then Megaman leaves.

Now run to the beginning and try to pulse in to return to Earth, 
but an explosion will cause the hole to disappear. A voice will 
tell you to enter a certain part of the space station, and 
you'll disconnect part of it and take off towards Earth. You'll 
have a brief communication with all your friends, bu then a 
system error occurs (friggin' Windows) and you'll go off course 
and lose your bearings. Aaron will have everyone raise their 
transers to the sky, hoping that the BrotherBands can signal 
Geo to Earth's location. Geo has a brief talk with his dad, 
then wakes up. You'll recieve a huge beam of light connecting 
to your transer, and follow it. Credits roll.

PROTIP: To speed up the credits, hold B.

Afterwards, your game data shows up, and an epilogue plays. Geo 
was hurt in the crash, but recovers. He comes outside to all of 
his friends! They talk, then the bell rings, and they head to 
school. The grown ups liken him to Kelvin, and Mega and Lyra 
decide to stay on Earth. 

THE END

PROTIP: Make sure to save your game clear data.

PART TEN: OR IS IT?

Load the game back up, and head back to the beginning and head 
back to Earth. Head to Vista Point. On your way out of the dump, 
talk to the ghost. He is like the red kid in the Big Wave, and 
talking to him activates his FM form on the wave world, in the 
City Dump area. Pulse in at Vista Point, and head up and right 
to another wavehole. However, this one is on the wave world, 
which you haven't seen before. Walk onto it to enter DeepSpace 
Area. You'll be greeted by a mysterious voice. This area has 
much stronger viruses than the other areas. Head right to crack 
open a BMW with a Barrier200 inside. Follow that path around, 
and you'll see a laser door. Talking to it reveals you have to 
kill Taurus Fire SP. You probably haven't yet, so continue 
around, and open the locked mystery data, containing JamminPunch. 
Now pulse out and go kill all the EX and SP FM-ians. For info on 
how to do this, go to my chapter on the FM-ians, or hit ctrl+f to 
open the find menu, and search for [FMN]. You'll want to also 
destroy the FM-ians that you have to unlock. You should have 
unlocked Cancer Bubble and Crown Thunder, so now head to Time 
Square, and up to the roof of Nacy's. Outside the entrance to 
the snake exhibit is a gardener. Talk to him to activate another 
FM-ian battle on the wave world, inside the snake exhibit. The 
three unlockable FM-ians don't work the same as the others. Their 
first, EX, and SP forms are all in the same place, and you can 
battle them by simply talking to them on the wave road where 
they are. Since you are going to go kill all of the FM-ians 
anyway, try to collect their cards, you'll need these to 100% 
your game. 

After you kill all of the FM-ian SP forms, you'll want to collect 
all the Standard Battle Cards. In fact, you have to, to get 
through one of DeepSpace's laser doors. Now go back into the 
space station, to the last part before Andromeda, and pulse in. 
Now head up and right, using the tap portals as necessary, then 
take the one-way road that goes down-right. Go down to the 
nearest dead end and walk on it, and it'll open up to a hidden 
path. Take the path, then hop into the capsule-thing's comp 
space. Talk to the Hertz at the bottom, and answer No. You'll 
get a LonelyHeart Key Item. At the top middle of this Space is 
an HPMem10, so grab that, too. Now pulse out. After you've 
collected all the standard cards, killed all the SP FM-ians, 
and obtained the LonelyHeart, you'll be able to open all the 
doors in the DeepSpace Area. Go ahead and pulse out, then get 
back to Vista Point, to DeepSpace. Explore the areas, opening 
the doors. There'll be some BMD's and locked data. Through the 
Lonely Heart door is a Mega Weapon, the Kaiser Knuckle, which is 
4/3/4. Once you open the Standard Complete door, you'll get a 
Giga card in an Email. Then you'll be able to fight your 
Satellite Admin. Kill your Admin's other forms, and you should 
have killed all the SP's. Now get the other Giga Cards. At the 
Big Wave, you can buy one, and you can buy another from Deep 
Space 2. The last one is in a locked mystery wave. Go to where 
you fought DragonSky EX, then just hold down until you are on the
invisible path. Go down and get the card. Now go kill the SP navis 
some more to get all the Mega Cards, if you haven't already. Now 
you should have all 6 Marks. They are as follows: Beating the 
game, getting all the Standard cards, defeating your satellite 
Admin in DeepSpace, getting all the Mega Cards, getting all the 
Giga Cards, and beating the SP Navis. Now go try and beat the 
game again, and you'll fight a beefed up Andromeda Infinity.

#########
#FM-IANS# [FMN]
#########

After defeating the first forms of enemy FM-ians, you can find 
their EX forms hiding around the wave world in dead ends that, 
when stepped over, trigger a battle. After you defeat their EX 
forms, you can find their SP forms in the same area as the EX 
form, in a random encounter. I believe you have to pulse out 
and back in before being able to fight the SP form, but I'm not 
certain. 

SAMPLE FM

This FM-ian is found somewhere.

HP:Original/EX/SP
Element: Null

Attack1: Description. Important information, involving how to 
dodge, and if you can block it.
DAMAGE:Original/EX/SP

---------------

TAURUS FIRE

Taurus Fire EX is found on a dead end right near Luna's house 
on the wave world.

HP:400/800/1400
Element: Fire

Attack1: He'll punch the panel you are standing on. You can't 
block this, so dodge to the left or right.
DAMAGE:10/50/90

Attack2: He charges down your column. Dodge to the left or right, 
or block it with your shield.
DAMAGE:20/70/130

Attack3: He breathes fire, covering your area. You can't dodge 
this, so block.
DAMAGE:10/50/90

Cygnus Wing

Cygnus Wing EX is found on a dead end in Aaron's lab, on the 
right side of the map.

HP:600/1000/1500
Element: Null

Attack1: He shoots feathers at you. It hits twice, and the damage 
shown is per attack. You can dodge or block it.
DAMAGE:10/30/50

Attack2: He shoots 3 ducks at you. Stand in the column with the 
white one, and shoot it. You cannot block this attack.
DAMAGE:20/60/100

Attack3: He spins down one column, then back on another, hitting 
2 columns. You can dodge this by staying off the lit up tiles, 
but you can't block it.
DAMAGE:20/60/100

Harp Note

Harp Note EX is found on a dead end at Vista Point off of the 
indigo square you pulse into. 

HP:700/1200/1600
Element: Null

Attack1: She'll create two speakers and send music notes down the 
columns. If they hit, they stun you. Dodge to a safe column or 
block.
DAMAGE:30/60/120

Attack2: She shoots her guitar strings at you. If they hit you, 
she'll send music notes at you, which will hit 6 times. You 
cannot block this attack, so dodge quickly. The damage is per 
attack.
DAMAGE:5/10/20

Attack3: She stands in the center of the field, and shoots a 
T-shaped heart wave at you. You can't dodge this, so block it. 
If it hits, you'll be confused.
DAMAGE:30/60/120

Libra Balance

Libra Balance EX is found to the farthest northwest dead end of 
classroom 5-A.

HP:900/1100/1700
Element:Fire/Water

Attack1: He'll throw a fire ball at you, which will explode in 
the back row, spreading one panel to the left and right. Block 
or dodge this.
DAMAGE:40/70/140

Attack2: He'll throw a water ball at you, which will explode in 
the back row, spreading one panel to the left and right. Block 
or dodge this.
DAMAGE:40/70/140

Attack3: He'll appear before you, and 3 weights will drop onto 
you. You cannot block this, so dodge out of the way.
DAMAGE:40/70/140

Attack4: He warps to the middle, and spins around, hitting all 
panels. This attack can't be dodged, so block it.
DAMAGE:40/70/140

Queen Ophiuca

Queen Ophiuca EX is found at Time Square, outside, on ground 
level, at the highest dead end on the map.

HP:1200/1600/2100
Element: Wood

Attack1: She sends snakes down the rows. It can be dodged, but 
doing so is difficult, so destroy the snakes or block.
DAMAGE:50/80/150

Attack2: She charges down two of your rows, so dodge out of the 
way. You cannot block this.
DAMAGE:50/80/150

Attack3: She shoots a laser beam down your column. It can't be 
blocked, so dodge out of the way. If it hits, you'll be stunned.
DAMAGE:50/80/150

Gemini Spark

Gemini Spark EX is found at the Dream Island Park in a dead end 
a bit down from where you pulse in.

HP:1500/1800/2200
Element: Elec

Attack1: He'll shoot a fist down the column at you. It can't be 
blocked, so dodge out of the way.
DAMAGE:60/100/160

Attack2: He appears in front of you and slices. You can block or 
dodge this, but if it hits, you'll be stunned.
DAMAGE:60/100/160

Attack3: The two Geminis combine and shoot a big lightning 
blast that hits your whole area. You can block this attack, but 
you can't dodge it.
DAMAGE:90/150/220

Cancer Bubble

Cancer Bubble is found on the green square in the Amaken Foyer.

HP:700/1300/1800
Element: Water

Attack1: He'll float around, shooting bubbles. If you get hit, 
you'll be encased in a bubble. Block or shoot the bubbles, 
as it's tough to dodge.
DAMAGE:30/50/120

Attack2: He shoots off his claws, which hook around. Dodge 
left then right, or vice versa, because this can't be blocked.
DAMAGE:30/50/120

Attack3: He summons a huge wave, hitting your whole area. 
Block this one.
DAMAGE:50/80/150

Wolf Woods

Wolf Woods is found in the Exhibit on top of Nacy's.

HP:1000/1300/1700
Element: Wood

Attack1: He warps in front you, and slashes. Block or dodge this.
DAMAGE:60/100/150

Attack2: He'll slash you in a widesword range, and it will 
head down towards you. Block this attack.
DAMAGE:60/100/150

Attack3: He summons three wolves, who run towards you in a 
zigzag pattern. You can blow them up, or dodge out of the way.
DAMAGE:60/100/150

Crown Thunder

Crown Thunder is found in the City Dump Area.

HP: 2000/2300/3000
Element: Elec

Attack1: A minion appears and shoots an arrow at you. It can hit 
you even if you're invisible. Dodge or block this.
DAMAGE:80/120/200

Attack2: A minion appears and hits you with a drill. You can 
dodge this, but it can't be blocked.
DAMAGE:80/120/200

Attack3: A minion appears and hits a square of 4 panels, 
breaking all of your barriers or auras. It can be blocked, however.
DAMAGE:80/120/200

Attack4: He'll dance a bit, then 3 sets of 3 lightning bolts 
hit the area. Dodge or block this attack. If it hits, it will 
stun you.
DAMAGE:50/90/150

Andromeda

Andromeda is the last boss. Find him at the end of the game.

HP:2500/4000
Element: Null

Attack1: The first form drops a meteor on you occasionally. 
The second form drops 3. You can't block it, so dodge instead.
DAMAGE:40/120

Attack2: The first form shoots 2 missiles down the columns at 
you. The second shoots 3 missiles. You can blow up the missiles, 
or block them, but it's pretty hard to dodge the second form's 
missiles.
DAMAGE:80/400

Attack3: Both forms will hit the ground, blowing up the whole 
area. You can't dodge this, so block it.
DAMAGE:200/600

Attack4: The second form will shoot a laser down a column at you. 
You can't block this, so dodge it.
DAMAGE:80/400

Dragon Sky

You'll find the first form, a shadow of its true self, on 
Amaken's roof. The real first form is found at the end of the 
DeepSpace Area, as a final boss of sorts. The EX form works the 
same as the other FM-ians with its EX form hiding in 
DeepSpace 3, in the middle dead end of an E shaped platform.

HP:1000/2400/2900/3600
Element: Wood

Attack1: He'll shoot a woodtower at you, which homes. Block or 
dodge this.
DAMAGE:25/100/150/250

Attack2: He flies off, and goes through your area. You can dodge 
to the left or the right of the area, but you can't block it.
DAMAGE:40/150/250/350

Attack3: This is not used by the shadow form. He sprays pink 
petals onto your whole area. Block this attack.
DAMAGE:-/150/250/350

Attack4: This is not used by the shadow form. He'll send down 3 
tornados at you. It's tough to dodge so time it right.
DAMAGE:-/150/250/350

Attack5: This is only used by the SP form. He'll hit you. Hard. 
Because he stops time, and it will knock off your barriers, it's 
basically impossible to dodge.
DAMAGE:-/-/-/600

Leo Kingdom

You'll find the first form, a shadow of it's true self, on
 Amaken's roof. The real first form is found at the end of the 
DeepSpace Area, as a final boss of sorts. The EX form works the 
same as the other FM-ians with its EX form hiding in 
DeepSpace 3, in the middle dead end of an E shaped platform.

HP:800/2200/2700/3500
Element: Fire

Attack1: He shoots a fireball at you. Block or dodge it.
DAMAGE:30/100/150/250

Attack2: He jumps on top of you. You can dodge to the left or 
the right, but not block it.
DAMAGE:50/150/250/350

Attack3: This is not used by the shadow form. He'll hit your 
area with his tail. Block this attack.
DAMAGE:-/150/250/350

Attack4: This is not used by the shadow form. He'll hit you with 
his claws. You can't block this, but it's not too hard to dodge.
DAMAGE:-/150/250/350

Attack5:  This is only used by the SP form. He'll hit you. Hard. 
Because he stops time, and it will knock off your barriers, it's 
basically impossible to dodge.
DAMAGE:-/-/-/600

Pegasus Magic

You'll find the first form, a shadow of it's true self, on 
Amaken's roof. The real first form is found at the end of the 
DeepSpace Area, as a final boss of sorts. The EX form works the 
same as the other FM-ians with its EX form hiding in 
DeepSpace 3, in the middle dead end of an E shaped platform.

HP:900/2000/2300/3400
Element: Water

Attack1: He shoots 2 ice chunks at you. Dodge or block them.
DAMAGE:20/100/150/250

Attack2: He'll charge down 2 rows at you. Dodge to the left or 
the right.
DAMAGE:40/150/250/350

Attack3: This is not used by the shadow form. He hits your whole 
area with a blizzard. Block this. If you get hit, it freezes you.
DAMAGE:-/150/250/350

Attack4: This is not used by the shadow form. He'll attack you 
with an ice widesword. Dodge or block it.
DAMAGE:-/150/250/350

Attack5: This is only used by the SP form. He'll hit you. Hard. 
Because he stops time, and it will knock off your barriers, it's 
basically impossible to dodge.
DAMAGE:-/-/-/600

#############
#BattleCards#[BDC]
#############

SAMPLE CARD

###.Card Name
Card description and damage.
Element

Standard

001.Cannon
Hits the enemy ahead for 40 damage.
Null

002.PlusCannon
Hits the enemy ahead for 90 damage, and knocks them back 1 space.
Null

003.HevyCannon
Hits the enemy ahead for 150 damage, and knocks them back 2 spaces.
Null

004.PlasmaGun1
Hits the enemy ahead for 30 damage, and stuns them.
Elec

005.PlasmaGun2
Hits the enemy ahead for 50 damage, and explodes into a V, 
stunning all who are hit.
Elec

006.PlasmaGun3
Hits the enemy ahead for 70 damage, and explodes into an X, 
stunning all who are hit.
Elec

007.Gatling1
Hits the enemy ahead 4 times, 10 damage each, and knocks back 
the enemy.
Null

008.Gatling2
Hits the enemy ahead 5 times, 20 damage each, and knocks back 
the enemy.
Null

009.Gatling3
Hits the enemy ahead 6 times, 30 damage each, and knocks back 
the enemy.
Null

010.AirSpread
Hits the enemy ahead, then hits all adjacent spaces 3 times for 
10 damage.
Null

011.RdrMissil1
Hits all Null element enemies for 100 damage.
Null

012.RdrMissil2
Hits all enemies with an even digit in the 10s space for 130 
damage.
Null

013.RdrMissil3
Hits all enemies with a status for 200 damage.
Null

014.HeatBall1
Throw a bomb ahead for 60 damage.
Fire

015.HeatBall2
Throw a bomb ahead for 100 damage.
Fire

016.HeatBall3
Throw a bomb ahead for 180 damage.
Fire

017.IceMeteor1
Hits the enemy row for 50 damage. Freezes Panels.
Water

018.IceMeteor2
Hits the enemy row for 90 damage. Freezes Panels.
Water

019.IceMeteor3
Hits the enemy row for 130 damage. Freezes Panels.
Water

020.StunNukle
Hits one space ahead and stuns, dealing 130 damage.
Elec

021.PoisNukle
Hits one space ahead and drains HP, dealing 150 damage.
Null

022.FreezNukle
Hits one space ahead and freezes, dealing 180 damage.
Water

023.Sword
Hits enemy ahead for 80 damage.
Null

024.WideSword
Hits row ahead for 80 damage.
Null

025.LongSword
Hits two spaces ahead for 80 damage.
Null

026.BlazngEdge
Hits row ahead for 160 damage.
Fire

027.TidalEdge
Hits row ahead for 190 damage.
Water

028.StrikeEdge
Hits row ahead and stuns, for 150 damage.
Elec

029.ArboEdge
Hits row ahead for 180 damage.
Wood

030.BreakSabre
Hits in a diagonal slice that breaks guards for 200 damage.
Null

031.GrndWave1
Shoots a wave forward that can move one column left or right, 
and deals 50 damage.
Null

032.GrndWave2
Shoots a wave forward that can move one column left or right, 
and deals 100 damage.
Null

033.GrndWave3
Shoots a wave forward that can move one column left or right, 
and deals 150 damage.
Null

034.JetAttack1
You fly ahead dealing 100 damage.
Null

035.JetAttack2
You fly ahead dealing 150 damage.
Null

036.JetAttack3
You fly ahead dealing 200 damage.
Null

037.PowerBomb1
Throw a bomb that explodes in a plus shape for 80 damage.
Null

038.PowerBomb2
Throw a bomb that explodes in an X shape for 130 damage.
Null

039.PowerBomb3
Throw a bomb that explodes, damaging all adjacent panels for 180 
damage.
Null

040.GhstPulse1
T shaped ray that confuses and deals 90 damage.
Null

041.GhstPulse2
T shaped ray that stuns and deals 100 damage.
Null

042.GhstPulse3
T shaped ray that drains HP and deals 120 damage.
Null

043.FireRing1
Shoots a fiery yoyo that deals 60 damage.
Fire

044.FireRing2
Shoots a fiery yoyo that deals 90 damage.
Fire

045.FireRing3
Shoots a fiery yoyo that deals 120 damage.
Fire

046.TimeBomb1
Plants a 100 damage timebomb.
Fire

047.TimeBomb2
Plants a 150 damage timebomb.
Fire

048.TimeBomb3
Plants a 220 damage timebomb.
Fire

049.FireBzook1
Cannon that deals 100 damage, spreads to left and right.
Fire

050.FireBzook2
Cannon that deals 130 damage, spreads to left and right.
Fire

051.FireBzook3
Cannon that deals 160 damage, spreads to left and right.
Fire

052.TailBurnr1
Hits 3 squares ahead for 80 damage.
Fire

053.TailBurnr2
Hits 3 squares ahead for 130 damage.
Fire

054.TailBurnr3
Hits 3 squares ahead for 180 damage.
Fire

055.WideWave1
Shoots a wave a row wide for 70 damage.
Water

056.WideWave2
Shoots a wave a row wide for 90 damage.
Water

057.WideWave3
Shoots a wave a row wide for 120 damage.
Water

058.ChainBubl1
Shoots ahead, explodes into a V, encases enemies in bubbles, 
deals 40 damage.
Water

059.ChainBubl2
Shoots ahead, explodes into a V, encases enemies in bubbles, 
deals 60 damage.
Water

060.ChainBubl3
Shoots ahead, explodes into a V, encases enemies in bubbles, 
deals 70 damage.
Water

061.GreenInk
Shoots ahead, turning panels to grass, dealing 90 damage.
Null

062.BlueInk
Shoots ahead, turning panels to ice, dealing 110 damage.
Null

063.PurpleInk
Shoots ahead, turning panels to poison, dealing 130 damage.
Null

064.StikyRain1
Hits all enemies 6 times for 20 damage.
Water

065.StikyRain2
Hits all enemies 6 times for 25 damage.
Water

066.StikyRain3
Hits all enemies 6 times for 30 damage.
Water

067.CloudShot1
Shoots a cloud ahead, that stuns all adjacent spaces for 
110 damage.
Elec

068.CloudShot2
Shoots a cloud ahead, that stuns all adjacent spaces for 
140 damage.
Elec

069.CloudShot3
Shoots a cloud ahead, that stuns all adjacent spaces for 
170 damage.
Elec

070.ThndrBall1
Shoots a slow ball that homes and stuns, dealing 80 damage.
Elec

071.ThndrBall2
Shoots a slow ball that homes and stuns, dealing 120 damage.
Elec

072.ThndrBall3
Shoots a slow ball that homes and stuns, dealing 150 damage.
Elec

073.VolticEye1
Creates a cursor. Stop it with A to hit 3 times for 40 damage.
Elec

074.VolticEye2
Creates a cursor. Stop it with A to hit 3 times for 50 damage.
Elec

075.VolticEye3
Creates a cursor. Stop it with A to hit 3 times for 60 damage.
Elec

076.FlickrKck1
Hits enemies 3 times for 40 damage and blinds.
Elec

077.FlickrKck2
Hits enemies 3 times for 50 damage and blinds.
Elec

078.FlickrKck3
Hits enemies 3 times for 60 damage and blinds.
Elec

079.JumboHmmr1
Hits 2 rows ahead for 130 damage.
Wood

080.JumboHmmr2
Hits 2 rows ahead for 160 damage.
Wood

081.JumboHmmr3
Hits 2 rows ahead for 190 damage.
Wood

082.MopLance1
Hits 3 spaces ahead for 120 damage.
Wood

083.MopLance2
Hits 3 spaces ahead for 140 damage.
Wood

084.MopLance3
Hits 3 spaces ahead for 160 damage.
Wood

085.Fokx-Fu1
Turn into a fox, if hit, attack enemy for 160 damage.
Wood

086.Fokx-Fu2
Turn into a fox, if hit, attack enemy for 180 damage.
Wood

087.Fokx-Fu3
Turn into a fox, if hit, attack enemy for 200 damage.
Wood

088.VulcnSeed1
A 9 hit spreading vulcan that deals 20 damage.
Wood

089.VulcnSeed2
A 9 hit spreading vulcan that deals 30 damage.
Wood

090.VulcnSeed3
A 9 hit spreading vulcan that deals 40 damage.
Wood-40

091.BraveSwrd1
A longsword that breaks barriers and deals 100 damage.
Null

092.BraveSwrd2
A longsword that breaks barriers and deals 130 damage.
Null

093.BraveSwrd3
A longsword that breaks barriers and deals 160 damage.
Null

094.JunkCube1
Throws a cube ahead for 150 damage.
Null

095.JunkCube2
Throws a cube ahead for 200 damage.
Null

096.JunkCube3
Throws a cube ahead for 250 damage.
Null

097.SyncHook1
Punches ahead for 120 damage. Also damages other enemies of the 
same name.
Null

098.SyncHook2
Punches ahead for 150 damage. Also damages other enemies of the 
same name.
Null

099.SyncHook3
Punches ahead for 180 damage. Also damages other enemies of the 
same name.
Null

100.PowerSong
Summons an object. While it sings, you're invincible.
Null

101.QuakeSong
Summons an object. While it sings, enemies can't move.
Null

102.TripSong
Summons an object. While it sings, enemies are confused.
Null

103.MoaiFall1
3 rocks fall, dealing 120 damage.
Null

104.MoaiFall2
3 rocks fall, dealing 160 damage.
Null

105.MoaiFall3
3 rocks fall, dealing 200 damage.
Null

106.BigAx1
Slashes 2 rows for 150 damage.
Null

107.BigAx2
Slashes 2 rows for 180 damage.
Null

108.BigAx3
Slashes 2 rows for 220 damage.
Null

109.MagiCrysl1
A crystal shoots fire, dealing 30 damage.
Fire

110.MagiCrysl2
A crystal shoots water, dealing 40 damage.
Water

111.MagiCrysl3
A crystal shoots lightning, dealing 50 damage.
Elec

112.BlackHole1
Kills ememies with 100 HP or less.
Null

113.BlackHole2
Kills ememies with 130 HP or less.
Null

114.BlackHole3
Kills ememies with 160 HP or less.
Null

115.BrsrkSwrd1
Autotargeting 3 slash attack dealing 60 damage each hit.
Null

116.BrsrkSwrd2
Autotargeting 3 slash attack dealing 70 damage each hit.
Null

117.BrsrkSwrd3
Autotargeting 3 slash attack dealing 80 damage each hit.
Null

118.GreenBurst
Hits 1 time for each grass panel. Each hit deals 30 damage.
Wood

119.IceBurst
Hits 1 time for each ice panel. Each hit deals 40 damage.
Water

120.PoisBurst
Hits 1 time for each poison panel. Each hit deals 50 damage.
Null

121.TyphDance
Hits all adjecent spaces twice for 80 damage each.
Null

122.JamminPnch
A jammer punches panel 2 spaces ahead of you for 260 damage.
Null

123.JamMachGun
Jammers appear next to you and shoot 5 shots for 30 damage each.
Null

124.Whistle
Sucks in enemies, stops their attack, and removes any barriers 
they may have.
Null

125.Bombalizer
Any field objects explode, dealing 200 damage to all adjacent 
spaces.
Null

126.AntiSword
When set, activates when hit by a sword to fire off 3 wide 
slashes that fly down the columns for 120 damage each.
Null

127.Recover10
Recover 10 HP.
Null

128.Recover30
Recover 30 HP.
Null

129.Recover50
Recover 50 HP.
Null

130.Recover80
Recover 80 HP.
Null

131.Recover120
Recover 120 HP.
Null

132.Recover150
Recover 150 HP.
Null

133.Recover200
Recover 200 HP.
Null

134.Recover300
Recover 300 HP.
Null

135.Barrier
Creates a barrier soaking up the next 10 damage you take.
Null

136.Barrier100
Creates a barrier soaking up the next 100 damage you take.
Null

137.Barrier200
Creates a barrier soaking up the next 200 damage you take.
Null

138.Aura
Creates a barrier soaking up all attacks that deal less than 100 
damage.
Null

139.Invisible
Makes you invisible for a bit.
Null

140.SpiritFury
When set, activates when hit by an elemental attack to fire off 
an instant elemental attack dealing 220 damage.
Null

141.PoisnApple
When set, activates when enemy heals. Instead of healing, they 
take that much damage.
Null

142.DoublCross
When set, activates when enemy uses a Mega Card. You'll hijack 
and use that card.
Null

143.GigaMine
When set, activates when enemy uses a Giga Card. Explodes 
dealing 300 damage.
Null

144.GrassStage
Farthest 3x3 panels change into grass.
Wood

145.IceStage
Farthest 3x3 panels change into ice.
Water

146.GraviStage
Farthest 3x3 panels change into gravity panels. Enemies are 
trapped for a short period of time.
Null

147.GNullStage
Enemy can't guard on far 3x3 panels.
Null

148.HolyPanel
Your panel becomes holy, reducing damage taken by half.
Null

149.ParlyzPlus
The previous attack card also stuns.
Null

150.Attack+10
The previous attack card deals 10 more damage. 
Null

MEGA

PROTIP: SP Navi cards can deal extra damage, depending on your 
time in defeating them. The highest damage is acchieved after 
beating the SP form in under 10 seconds.

01.TaurusFire
TaurusFire shoots a cone of flames, dealing 100 damage.
Fire

02.TaurusFireEX
TaurusFire shoots a cone of flames, dealing 140 damage.
Fire

03.TaurusFireSP
TaurusFire shoots a cone of flames, dealing 180 damage.
Fire

04.CygnusWing
CygnusWing hits the edge of the field, dealing 130 damage.
Null

05.CygnusWingEX
CygnusWing hits the edge of the field, dealing 170 damage.
Null

06.CygnusWingSP
CygnusWing hits the edge of the field, dealing 200 damage.
Null

07.HarpNote
Harp Note hits the enemy either 3 or 5 times for 20 damage, 
and stuns them.
Null

08.HarpNoteEX
Harp Note hits the enemy either 3 or 5 times for 25 damage, 
and stuns them.
Null

09.HarpNoteSP
Harp Note hits the enemy either 3 or 5 times for 20 damage, 
and stuns them.
Null

10.LibraScals
Hits for 70 fire and water damage
Null

11.LibraScalsEX
Hits for 90 fire and water damage
Null

12.LibraScalsSP
Hits for 110 fire and water damage
Null

13.QnOphiuca
Hits 2 columns, turning panels to poison and dealing 120 damage.
Wood

14.QnOphiucaEX
Hits 2 columns, turning panels to poison and dealing 140 damage.
Wood

15.QnOphiucaSP
Hits 2 columns, turning panels to poison and dealing 160 damage.
Wood

16.GeminSpark
GeminiSpark punches and cuts the enemy for 70 damage per hit.
Elec

17.GemnSpkEX
GeminiSpark punches and cuts the enemy for 80 damage per hit.
Elec

18.GemnSpkSP
GeminiSpark punches and cuts the enemy for 110 damage per hit.
Elec

19.CancrBuble
Hits nearest enemy row and row behind it for 100 damage.
Water

20.CancrBublEX
Hits nearest enemy row and row behind it for 130 damage.
Water

21.CancrBublSP
Hits nearest enemy row and row behind it for 200 damage.
Aqua-160

22.WolfWoods
Hits enemy twice for 80 damage each.
Wood

23.WolfWoodsEX
Hits enemy twice for 90 damage each.
Wood

24.WolfWoodsSP
Hits enemy twice for 120 damage each.
Wood

25.CrwnThundr
Hits in an X shape for 150 damage.
Elec

26.CrwnThundrEX
Hits in an X shape for 180 damage.
Elec

27.CrwnThundrSP
Hits in an X shape for 210 damage.
Elec

28.DragonSky
Hits enemy area for 170 damage. Removes barriers.
Wood

29.DragonSkyEX
Hits enemy area for 200 damage. Removes barriers.
Wood

30.DragonSkySP
Hits enemy area for 230 damage. Removes barriers.
Wood

28.PegasusMagic
Fires 3 missiles that freeze enemies and deals 160 damage.
Water

29.PegasusMagicEX
Fires 3 missiles that freeze enemies and deals 190 damage.
Water

30.PegasusMagicSP
Fires 3 missiles that freeze enemies and deals 240 damage.
Water

28.LeoKingdom
Hits the last two rows for 230 damage.
Fire

29.LeoKingdomEX
Hits the last two rows for 260 damage.
Fire

30.LeoKingdomSP
Hits the last two rows for 300 damage.
Fire

GIGA

1.DragonSkyGX
Hits last 3 rows for 10 hits of 50 damage. Removes barriers.
Wood

2.Wood+50
The previous wood attack card deals 50 more damage.
Null

3.GorgonEye
Queen Ophiuca shoots a laser down the column, dealing 550 damage.
Null

4.DestrMissl
Hits 12 times for 50 damage each.
Null

5.PoisonPhar
Places a statue that drains enemy HP quickly.
Null

1.LeoKingdomGX
Hits back 2 columns 11 times for 40 damage each.
Fire

2.Fire+50
The previous fire attack card deals 50 more damage.
Null

3.GeminiThunder
Gemini Spark shoots a lightning blast that deals 400 damage and 
stuns.
Elec

4.DarknessHole
Kills all enemies with 250 hp or less, and kills FM-ians with 
500 hp or less.
Null

5.LifeAura
Creates a barrier soaking up all attacks that deal less than 
200 damage.
Null

1.PegasusMagicGX
Hits the last 3 rows and freezes enemies, dealing 450 damage.
Water

2.Aqua+50
The previous water attack card deals 50 more damage.
Null

3.TaurusTackle
Taurus Fire rushes forward, dealing 420 damage.
Fire

4.BreakTimeBomb
Plants a 600 damage time bomb. Hits both enemies.
Fire

5.DarkSword
Hits 2 rows ahead for 360 damage.

#######
#SHOPS#[SHP]
#######
Big Wave
HPMem20: 4000Z
HPMem20: 8000Z
HPMem20: 16000Z
Recover80: 3000Z
StunNukle: 5000Z
BlazngEdge: 12000Z
AntiSword: 15000Z
BreakTimeBomb: 50000Z (Pegasus Version)
DarknessHole: 50000Z (Leo Version)
DestMissile: 50000Z (Dragon Version)

Echo Ridge wave roads
HPMem20: 1000Z
HPMem20: 3000Z
PowerBomb1: 400Z
FireRing1: 600Z
Recover30: 800Z
JetAttack1: 2000Z

Echo Ridge Sign CompSpace
SmEnrgy: 200Z
Unlocker: 4000Z
SrchEye: 6000Z

Outside Amaken wave roads
HPMem20: 3000Z
HPMem20: 5000Z
ChainBubl 1: 2800Z
FireBzook1: 3200Z
MopLance1: 3800Z
PoisNukl: 7000Z

Amaken Foyer wave roads
L.Enrgy: 400Z
SrchEye: 6000Z
Cloaker: 500Z

Classroom 5-B School CompSpace
D.Energy: 1000Z
Unlocker: 4000Z
Cloaker: 500Z
Barrier100: 4000Z
Recover120: 4800Z
GreenBurst: 6000Z
StrikeEdge: 12000Z
Bombalizer: 15000Z

City Dump wave roads
HPMem20: 6000Z
HPMem20: 10000Z
HPMem20: 20000Z
Recover150: 7000Z
IceBurst: 7000Z
TidalEdge: 12000Z
PoisnApple: 15000Z

Dream Island Underground wave roads
D.Energy: 1000Z
Unlocker: 4000Z
SrchEye: 6000Z
PoisnNukle: 7000Z
PoisBurst: 8000Z
TyphDance: 11000Z
ArboEdge: 12000Z
SpiritFury: 20000Z

DeepSpace2
HPMem20: 10000Z
HPMem20: 30000Z
FreezNukle: 10000Z
HolyPanel: 12000Z
BreakSabre: 18000Z
DoublCross: 20000Z
GigaMine: 25000Z
DarkSword: 40000Z (Pegasus Version)
LifeAura: 40000Z (Leo Version)
PoisonPhar: 40000Z (Dragon Version)

##########
#UPGRADES#[UPD]
##########

These are all the upgrades that you can find in the game. If you 
find a section is missing something or incorrect, tell me.

HPMEMORIES

These boost your max HP.

FOUND HPMEMS

After getting the boy's ball down with the helicopter early in 
the game, you'll get an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the Principal's Statue for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the Cabinet in Classroom 5-B for an 
HPMem10.

Talk to the cameras in the Studio for an HPMem20.

Look in the CompSpace (Area 3) of the School Network for 
an HPMem20.

Talk to the teacher's desk in classroom 1-A for an HPMem10.

Look in the wave roads in classroom 5-A for an HPMem10.

Talk to the thermostat in Zack's room near the bed for an HPMem20.

Look in the wave roads in Geo's room for an HPMem10.

Look in the wave roads in the Big Wave for an HPMem20.

Look in the CompSpace of the Pitcher Machine for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the videogame in Bud's house for an 
HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace (Area 2) of the Truck Network in Echo 
Ridge for an HPMem20.

Buy an HPMem20 for 1000, and one for 3000 zenny from a Shop in 
the Echo Ridge wave roads.

Buy an HPMem20 for 4000, and one for 8000, and one for 16000 
zenny at Big Wave.

Talk to Jupiter in the Space sim at Amaken for an HPMem10.

Pulse in at the museum at Amaken, go up and pulse out at the 
wavehole behind the counter, then run outside and talk to the 
telescopes for an HPMem10.

Look in the wave roads outside Amaken for an HPMem20.

Look in the CompSpace of the rocket in Aaron's lab for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the Space Station Exhibit in Amaken's 
museum for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace (Area 1) of the Space Sim Network for an 
HPMem20.

Buy an HPMem20 for 3000, and one for 5000 zenny from a shop 
outside Amaken on the wave roads.

Talk to the blue statue by the Dog Statue in Time Square for an 
HPMem10.

Look in the wave roads outside Time Square for an HPMem20.

Look in the CompSpace of the Mowai Statue in Time Square for 
an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the Cake Stand in Time Square for an 
HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace (Area 2) of the Snake Network for an 
HPMem20.

Talk to the tire stack surrounded by barrels in the Junk Yard 
for an HPMem20.

Talk to all the garbage trucks in Dream Island for an HPMem10.

Talk to the wooden tables in Dream Island Park for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the ship in Dream Island Park for an 
HPMem10.

Look in the wave roads in the area where you dig up the Space 
Station for an HPMem20.

Buy an HPMem20 for 6000, one for 10000, and one for 30000 zenny 
from a shop in the City Dump wave roads.

Talk to the computer in the first part of the Space Station for 
an HPMem20.

Look in the second Space Station's wave roads for an HPMem10.

Look in the wave roads in the first area of the Space Station 
HPMem20.

Look in the CompSpace of the Air Unit in the second area of the 
Space Station for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the Monitor in the fourth area of the 
Space Station for an HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace of the hidden capsule where you find the 
Lonely Heart from the fourth area of the Space Station for an 
HPMem10.

Look in the CompSpace (Area 4) of the Space Station for an HPMem20.

Look in DeepSpace 3, through the lonely heart door for an HPMem20. 

Buy an HPMem20 for 10000, and one for 30000 zenny from a shop 
in DeepSpace 2 wave roads.

JOB REWARD HPMEMS

Ken Suther's job gives you an HPMem10.

Mitch Shepar's job gives you an HPMem10.

Pat Sprigs's job gives you an HPMem10.

Donna Query's job gives you an HPMem10.

Vaughn Platz's job gives you an HPMem10.

Bob Copper's Job gives you an HPMem20.

Selah Agane's Job gives you an HPMem10.

Mead Greene's job gives you an HPMem10.

John Forman's job gives you an HPMem10.

Roy Query's job gives you an HPMem20.

Aaron's job gives you an HPMem20.

MEGAWEAPONS

These change your Mega Buster's stats.

Sample Weapon
WeaponName
Attack/Rapid/Charge What chargeshot may do
Where it is found.

P. Fangs
1/2/1
You start with these.

S. Claw
2/1/1
Wave roads in the museum at Amaken.

BearRing
2/2/2
Wave roads in Zack's room.

C. Fangs
1/2/3 Chargeshot drains HP
Navi in spacesim (not waveworld) seen with visualizer.

B. Eye
3/1/2 Chargeshot blinds
School Foyer wave roads

T. Armbnd
2/1/5
Trade a SyncHook2 to a navi in 1-A Comp

P. Ring
3/2/3
Talk to the Surfboard in the BigWave.

D. Eye
1/1/2 Chargeshot drains HP
CENCARLEBBUB Cipher code.

R-F Claw
2/4/1
Buy from a navi in a CompSpace in school.

Paralyzer
2/2/1 Chargeshot stuns
Find in a BMW in Time Square.

H. Glove
4/1/2
Find in the Incinerator CompSpace.
Z. Finder
2/3/4 Only Zenny are gotten from battles
Vending Machine on Nacy's roof.

C. Finder
1/2/3 Only Cards are gotten from battles
SpaceSuitComp in space station.

S. Mirage
2/3/2 Chargeshot confuses
Find in Space Station Area 2.

K. Knckle
4/3/4
Find in DeepSpace3 past LonlyHeart door.

M. Breath
1/2/1 Chargeshot freezes or sticks enemy in bubble.
KMALEETZCP

BN Blstr
1/5/1
Put any MMBN game in your GBA slot, and go talk to the doghouse 
by Bud's house. Pulse in and hop into its CompSpace. Talk to 
the ball thing in the middle, then pulse out. Go to Vista Point 
and pulse in, then hop into the CompSpace of the Statue and 
confront the Jammer to battle. Go back into the doghouse and 
talk to the ball again. 

#########
#VIRUSES#[VRS]
#########

Viruses are the standard enemies encountered on the wave roads, 
and there are tons of the buggers. Sometimes, huge versions 
of viruses may be encountered. These are called giant viruses, 
and are denoted with a G after the virus name. Giant viruses 
have twice as much HP as the usual virus, and do twice as much 
damage. As far as I can tell, and I want confirmation on this, 
giant viruses do not drop cards like normal viruses can. Also, 
I will name the viruses based on the card they drop, rather 
than the english or japanese names.

Sample Virus
Element
HP of version 1/HP of version 2/HP of version 3
Description of virus
Location of version 1
Location of version 2
Location of version 3
Cards given in version 1/Cards given in version 2/Cards given 
in version 3
Damage of version 1/Damage of version 2/Damage of version 3

GrndWave Virus, or Met.
Null
40 HP/90 HP/ 130 HP
A met with a pickaxe. He will send a shockwave at you, while 
moving left or right to line up with you. When not attacking 
or moving, the version 2 and 3 viruses will hide under their 
hat, blocking most attacks.
Version 1 is located anywhere in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is located in the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 3 is found in the City Dump area.
GrndWave1/GrndWave2/GrndWave3
10/30/50

JetAttack Virus
Null
80 HP/110 HP/ 160 HP
A bird looking thing. He flies down the column at you after 
moving around a bit. They move by teleporting around the field.
Version 1 is found in the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is found in Nacy's.
Version 3 is found in the first area of the space station.
JetAttack1/JetAttack2/JetAttack3
30/50/80

PowerBomb Virus
Null
50 HP/100 HP/ 160 HP
A large turret. It doesn't move, and whne you get in its column, 
it'll lob a bomb at you. The second version's bomb explodes in a 
plus shape, and the third's bomb explodes, hitting all spaces 
adjacent to it.
Version 1 is found in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is found in the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 3 is found in the second space station area.
PowerBomb1/PowerBomb2/PowerBomb3
10/30/70

GhstPulse Virus
Null
100 HP/ 130 HP/ 160 HP
A ghost that covers its face until it attacks. This has no 
effect on attacks. It will move left and right, and then attack, 
sending a slow wave down the column. If it hits, it will confuse 
you.
Version 1 is found in Amaken.
Version 2 is found in the school Gym.
Version 3 is found in the first area of the space station.
GhstPulse1/GhstPulse2/GhstPulse3
5/10/20

FireRing Virus
Fire
60 HP/130 HP/180 HP
A fiery unicycle that rolls up and down a single column.
Version 1 is found in the Truck CompSpace.
Version 2 is found in Time Square.
Version 3 is found in the second space station door CompSpace.
FireRing1/FireRing2/FireRing3
20/40/60

TimeBomb Virus
Fire
130 HP/ 160 HP/ 200 HP
A flaming head. He'll put a timebomb in the row in front of you, 
then move around, and repeat the process. If the bomb is not 
destroyed before it explodes, it'll damage each space adjacent 
to it.
Version 1 is found in Luna's house.
Version 2 is found in Dream Island Park.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace Area.
TimeBomb1/TimeBomb2/TimeBomb3
30/50/100

FireBzook Virus
Fire
120 HP/160 HP/230 HP
A mountain with a cannon on its head. He doesn't move, and shoots 
ahead of him periodically. If it hits something, including the 
last row of your area, it will explode and hit the spaces to the 
left and right of it.
Version 1 is found in the SchoolComp Areas.
Version 2 is found in the Sunken Ship CompSpace in Dream Island.
Version 3 is found in the third space station area.
FireBzook1/FireBzook2/FireBzook3
50/100/150

TailBurnr Virus
Fire
80 HP/120 HP/170 HP
A flaming lizard. He'll move around, and then launch a firearm 
attack that reaches 3 spaces ahead.
Version 1 is found in the Truck CompSpace.
Version 2 is found in the SchoolComp Areas.
Version 3 is found in the third space station area.
TailBurnr1/TailBurnr2/TailBurnr3
15/50/70

WideWave Virus
Water
60 HP/100 HP/150 HP
A water drop. He'll hop around, being unhittable while in the 
air, then shoot off a wave that spreads across 3 spaces.
Version 1 is found in Amaken.
Version 2 is found in the SchoolComp Areas.
Version 3 is found in the third space station door CompSpace.
WideWave1/WideWave2/WideWave3
10/30/50

ChainBubl Virus
Water
100/140/180
A crab. He moves left and right, shooting bubbles at you. You 
can pop them with an attack.
Version 1 is found in the SchoolComp Areas.
Version 2 is found in the Sunken Ship CompSpace in Dream Island.
Version 3 is found in the third space station door CompSpace.
ChainBubl1/ChainBubl2/ChainBubl3
20/40/70

Ink Virus
Water
100 HP/140 HP/180 HP
An octopus. He jumps up and down, but stays still, and launches 
an attack down the column. The first version turns the panels 
under the attack to grass. The second version turns the panels 
under the attack to ice, and the third version turns the panels 
under the attack to poison.
Version 1 is found in the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is found in the Dream Island Park.
Version 3 is found in the third space station door CompSpace.
GreenInk/BlueInk/PurpleInk
40/70/100

StikyRain Virus
Water
100 HP/140 HP/180 HP
A sprinklerhead. He'll pop his head underground, being virtually 
invincible as he does so, then slides around. When he pops up, a 
bunch of rain will pour down on top of you.
Version 1 is found in Time Square.
Version 2 is found in the fourth space station area.
Version 3 is found in the fourth space station door CompSpace.
StikyRain1/StikyRain2/StikyRain3
30/50/80

CloudShot Virus
Elec
100 HP/ 140 HP/ 170 HP
A cloud with a head popping out. He moves around, going into his 
cloud when you line up with him. When he is in a panel adjacent 
to you, he will hit all of the panels adjacent to him.
Version 1 is found in the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is found in Dream Island.
Version 3 is found in the third space station area.
CloudShot1/CloudShot2/CloudShot3
30/70/90

ThndrBall Virus
Elec
70 HP/120 HP/ 170 HP
A little yellow guy with spike arms. He hops around, launching 
off a slow moving, homing lightning ball every once in a while. 
If it hits, you will be stunned.
Version 1 is found in Amaken.
Version 2 is found in the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 3 is found in the first space station door CompSpace.
ThndrBall1/ThndrBall2/ThndrBall3
10/20/50

VolticEye Virus
Elec
150 HP/190 HP/ 230 HP
A giant metal eyeball. He will move from space to space, spinning 
around. You can only hit him while his eye is facing forward, 
and when it does, he'll launch a 3 hit attack that stuns.
Version 1 is found in the first space station area.
Version 2 is found in DeepSpace 1 Area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace 2 and 3 Areas.
VolticEye1/VolticEye2/VolticEye3
20/30/40

FlickrKck Virus
Elec
100 HP/130 HP/160 HP
A firefly with a lightbulb for his tail. He warps around, then 
appears in front of you, to kick or flash. If it flashes, you 
are blinded.
Version 1 is found in the SnakeComp in the exhibit.
Version 2 is found in the ScrapYard waveroads.
Version 3 is found in the fourth space station door CompSpace.
FlickrKck1/FlickrKck2/FlickrKck3
50/70/80

JumboHmmr Virus
Wood
160 HP/210 HP/270 HP
A stag beetle. He warps around, then fires his horn forward 2 spaces.
Version 1 is found in the SnakeComp in the exhibit.
Version 2 is found in the fourth space station Monitor CompSpace.
Version 3 is found in the fourth space station door CompSpace.
JumboHmmr1/JumboHmmr2/JumbHmmr3
50/90/130

MopLance Virus
Wood
130 HP/180 HP/240 HP
A soldier with a green afro. When you line up with him, he will 
run forward, then stab you with a spear.
Version 1 is found in the SnakeComp in the exhibit.
Version 2 is found in the SpaceSuit CompSpace in the space station.
Version 3 is found in the fourth space station door CompSpace.
MopLance1/MopLance2/MopLance3
30/50/60

Fokx-Fu Virus
Wood
120 HP/150 HP/ 210 HP
A fox with a huge head. When you line up with him, he'll move 
away. Every so often he'll appear in the row ahead of you and 
slash you with a sword.
Version 1 is found in the ScrapYard CompSpaces.
Version 2 is found in the fourth space station area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace Area.
Fokx-Fu1/Fokx-Fu2/Fokx-Fu3
80/90/110

VulcnSeed Virus
Wood
150 HP/220 HP/260 HP
A watermelon on a vine. Every so often, he will fire off a 
volley of seeds. Otherwise he stays still. Version 1 fires 7 
times, Version 2 fires 10 times, and Version 3 fires 13 times.
Version 1 is found in Dream Island.
Version 2 is found in the first space station area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace 2 Area.
VulcnSeed1/VulcnSeed2/VulcnSeed3
10/10/10

BraveSwrd Virus
Null
100 HP/140 HP/180 HP
A statue of a thing with a sword. He stays still, in grey mode. 
While like this, all non-breaking damage only deals 1 damage. 
When you line up with him, he'll teleport in front of you, then 
slash you.
Version 1 is found in Amaken.
Version 2 is found in Time Square.
Version 3 is found in the first space station area.
BraveSwrd1/BraveSwrd2/BraveSwrd3
30/60/90

JunkCube Virus
Null
A skeleton with spindly arms. 130 HP/160 HP/ 200 HP
He teleports around, laying piles of junk, rock cubes, and 
timebombs. If you stand in front of the junk, it will fly toward 
you. If you let the timebomb blow up, it'll hit all spaces 
adjacent to it.
Version 1 is found in the ScrapYard CompSpaces.
Version 2 is found in the Underground Area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace 2 Area.
JunkCube1/JunkCube2/JunkCube3
30/50/70 (junk)
30/50/100 (bomb)

SyncHook Virus
Null
A UFO with a fist. 130 HP/160 HP/190 HP
He'll teleport around, then teleport in front of you to punch you.
Version 1 is found in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is found in the Piano CompSpace in the school Gym.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace Area.
SyncHook1/SyncHook2/SyncHook3
20/40/70

Song Virus
Null
80 HP/90 HP/110 HP/ 120 HP/180 HP
A clam with some hairlike stuff on it. He will warp around left 
and right, and then start to sing. The version 1's song makes 
other viruses invincible. The version 2's song will make you 
unable to move. Version 3's song will confuse you. Version 4's 
song will heal other viruses. Version 5's song will blind you.
Version 1 is found in Echo Ridge.
Version 2 is found in Amaken.
Version 3 is found in the Studio of the school in Echo Ridge.
Version 4 is found in the Cake Shop CompSpace.
Version 5 is found in DeepSpace Area.
PowerSong/QuakeSong/TripSong/any of the 3/any of the 3
0/0/0/0/0

MoaiFall Virus
Null
160 HP/220 HP/280 HP
A giant stone head on a little stand. He will roll his head off, 
which bounces and rolls down two columns, going diagonally 
from space to space.
Version 1 is found in Time Square.
Version 2 is found in the Recycled Fridge Compspace.
Version 3 is found in the fourth space station door CompSpace.
MoaiFall1/MoaiFall2/MoaiFall3
100/130/150
 
BigAx Virus
Null
190 HP/240 HP/300 HP
A giant knight in armor, with an axe. He teleports around, then 
will slice in front of him, hitting 2 rows ahead with his axe.
Version 1 is found in the ScrapYard CompSpaces.
Version 2 is found in the third space station area.
Version 3 is found DeepSpace Area.
BigAx1/BigAx2/BigAx3
90/110/130

MagiCrysl Virus
Null
160 HP/210 HP/ 250 HP
A witch on top of a crystal ball. He teleports around, shooting 
off magical energy, turning the panels under his allies to Holy 
Panels, and giving viruses barriers. Version 1 shoots fire, 
version 2 shoots water, version 3 shoots lightning.
Version 1 is found in the first space station area.
Version 2 is found in DeepSpace Area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace Area.
MagiCrysl1/MagiCrysl2/MagiCrysl3
60/80/90

BlackHole Virus
Null
90 HP/150 HP/180 HP
A black hole with 4 arms. He teleports around, throwing planets 
at you. Every once in a while, he will suck your HP very 
quickly. This attack can drain you when you are invisible or 
protected by a barrier.
Version 1 is found in the fourth space station area.
Version 2 is found in DeepSpace 1 Area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace 3 Area.
BlackHole1/BlackHole2/BlackHole3
70/80/160 (planet)
100/150/200 (HP drain)

BrsrkSwrd Virus
Null
150 HP/210 HP/260 HP
A ball with swords for arms. He teleports in front of you and 
slashes until he is destroyed.
Version 1 is found in the second space station.
Version 2 is found in DeepSpace Area.
Version 3 is found in DeepSpace Area.

######
#JOBS#[JBS]
######

Jobs are also referred to as subquests. In order to complete a 
job, enter the person's transer, then read their message. You'll 
be asked if you want to take the job. Take it, then go talk to 
the person in the real world. You'll get an Email memo reminding 
you to do the job. After completing the quest, talk to the person 
who gave it to you to claim your reward. You can only take one 
job at a time. They are listed in the order I did them. After 
you finish them all, L M Shin will email you.

Cindy White
Pulse in by the Big Wave, and hop in the guy out front's transer. 
Read his message, then pulse out.
Reward-D. Energy

Hope Stelar (your mom)
Pulse in, then jump into your fridge in the house. Attack the 
met inside.
Reward-ProtChrm

Iver Gatte
Talk to the telescope at Vista Point.
Reward-Heatball2

Chase Winde
Use PropellerMan to knock down 3 balls. Run the RCChopper into 
them. One is in a tree at the top of the map. a second one is 
in a tree at the right of the map. The last is in the antenna 
on the Big Wave.
Reward-RCMag

Ken Suther
Give him a WideWave3 Card.
Reward-HPMem10

Juan Mocard
Give him a Powersong Card
Reward-Grndwave2

Quiero Mocard
Give him a Powerbomb1 Card
Reward-Atk+10

Joe Hawnt
Put on your visualizer and talk to the Hertz behind the vending 
machine.
Reward-Srcheye

Savory Delejo
Give the sandwich to the old man outside.
Reward-2500 Zenny

Holly Wacher
Pulse in at the gym, then pulse out on the second floor and talk 
to the kid there.
Reward-Invisible

Lei Zeek
Talk to him a couple of times with PitcherMan equipped. Then hit 
the onscreen button with the stylus.
Reward-PlusCannon

Blair Loude
Talk to him, say yes, white, cheerful, kind, elementary.
Reward-IceMeteor1

Teresa Tudor
Talk to her a couple of times with ThermoMan equipped. Then hit 
the onscreen Heat button with the stylus.
Reward-IceMeteor2

Triv Query
Say yes to him, then say galoshes, 30, 1-A, 50, hiss.
Reward-QuizBook

Job Goode
Get to the second story balcony, then talk to the lower stage 
light. Then pulse in and go into its CompSpace. Kill the virus.
Reward-Handbook

Ema Nesia
Talk to the pink bathroom door. Go talk to her, and you'll use 
KeyMan. enter 130, then OK.
Reward-Eraser

Will Knappe
Talk to the Hertz in the wave road above him.
Reward-PowerSong

Barry Square
Look in Shepar's transer.
Reward-TripSong

Rad Contre
Talk to him a couple of times with PropellerMan equipped.
Reward-RCScrpbk

Nadia Kleen
Talk to her a couple of times with ShovelMan equipped.
Reward-GreenBurst

Mitch Shepar
Go to Time Square and talk to the man on the roof of Nacy's to 
buy a Mowa Mowa action figure.
Reward-HPMem10

Dee Jay
Find and destroy the Waveballs in the waveroad above where Dee 
Jay is. There are 3 of them, and they're easy to find. 
Reward-Plasmagun2

Chatty Ditz
Pulse in outside and go talk to the first Hertz you see. 
Reward-1000 Zenny

Chrys Golds
Go to Time Square and talk to the girl by the Rover statue.
Reward-7000 Zenny

Sumar Guy
Pulse in outside and hop into the satellite dish's CompSpace and 
kill the virus.
Reward-Unlocker

Millie Booney
Talk to her, answer yes, then Card Force, BrotherBand, a secret.
Reward-Whistle

Tom Dubius
Talk to him a couple of times with PropellerMan equipped.
Reward-Blueprnt

Tuggy McGrav
Pulse in and hop into the BlackHole Generator's CompSpace, then 
go up and talk to the Control Panel. Kill the viruses. 
Reward-Heatball3

Polly Reade
Talk to her, answer yes, then black hole, 3, Leo.
Reward-SciNotes

Mira Lookes
Pulse in and head to the SpaceSim Area. Talk to the 3rd Mr. Hertz 
you see.
Reward-GNullStage

Grace Fulle
Get a SmEnrgy Subcard and then pulse into the Ticket Machine. You 
might have to turn it on first. Give the card to the Hertz inside.
Reward-Invitatn

Leroy Mann
Enter Grace Fulle's(the Info Desk girl) transer and read the 
message.
Reward-Cloaker

Swill Waters
Buy a SourSoda from the vending machine in Echo Ridge.
Reward-D.Enrgy

Pat Sprigs
Go to Dream Island and into the dump. Talk to the first guy you 
see there, then go to Nacy's in Time Square and onto the roof. 
Talk to the SorterBot at the bottom of the map.
Reward-HPMem10

Edgar Knight
Give him a Recover30.
Reward-Unlocker

Donna Query
Talk to her, say yes, then 100, museum, 3, cow, Ken Suther, 6, 
3, 4, 9, JetAttack1.
Reward-HPMem10

Indy Darke
Pulse in and hop into Heidi Rune's transer (the girl by the cake 
shop) and read the message.
Reward-LoveBook

Heidi Rune
Talk to the bowling alley.
Reward-SrchEye

Bob Copper
Pulse in and hop into the Mowai CompSpace, and kill the Jammer 
inside. Do the same for the Cake Shop Comp and the Enormatron Comp.
Reward-HPMem20

Collin Waytin
Pulse in and go down a bit and right and confront the Jammers. 
You'll start 3 battles in a row. Win them.
Reward-3500 Zenny

Sluger Park
Go to the Baseball game with PitcherMan equipped.
Reward-FireBzook2

Homer Park
Pulse in and hop into Sluger Park's transer, (the kid in the 
middle of the roof) and read his message.
Reward-Cloaker

Vaughn Platz
Bring him 5 MoaiFall1 cards.
Reward-HPMem10

Prof. Snake
Get the snakes. There's one on the roof, one inside Nacy's and 
one outside Nacy's.
Reward-SnakOrn 

Kurt Taylor
Pulse in and talk to the Mr. Hertz standing above the mirror.
Reward-DeptFlyer

Veil Platz
Go talk to your mom, and you'll get a Recipe.
Reward-MembCard

Rheema Deller
Talk to her a couple of times with KeyMan equipped.
Reward-Recover120

Annie Olde
Talk to the stack of papers on the Information desk.
Reward-2000 Zenny

Roy Query
Talk to him, answer yes, then Security System, moon, BigBang 
Coffee, FireBzook2, 2, 100, 150, King, Rover, a chem lab, 
Uwaaa!, 12, Nacys, giraffe, an old lady.
Reward-HPMem20

Selah Agane
Pulse into the park and enter the nearby fridge's CompSpace and 
talk to the Mr. Hertz inside, and give him a Recover80.
Reward-HPMem10

Meala DeVour
Go to the souvenier shop inside of Amaken and buy the cake by 
talking to the cash register on the counter.
Reward-5000 Zenny

Mead Greene
Talk to him a couple of times with ShovelMan equipped. Then drag 
the control with the stylus to the left for a while.
Reward-HPMem10

John Forman
Talk to the robot with ThermoMan equipped.
Reward-HPMem10

Aaron Boreal
Go to Aaron's lab and talk to the first locker, the farthest 
from the door to the roof.
Reward-HPMem20

SEMI-JOB
Read the message in Zack's Transer, then talk to him. Go to the 
school and talk to the piano in the gym. Now pulse in and hop 
into the piano's CompSpace. SAVE NOW. Talk to the Jammer facing 
away from you. You'll fight 10 battles in a row. When you win, 
go talk to Zack again and you'll BrotherBand with him. 

#########
#CIPHERS#[CPH]
#########

A Cipher is a special code you send in an email to your 
Satellite Admin to recieve something in return. There are a lot 
of questions I get asking why the Cipher doesn't work, so follow 
the instructions to the letter. If the Cipher listed takes up 
multiple lines, this is intentional. Follow all punctuation and 
capitalization and spacing exactly, otherwise the Cipher will fail.

Go to your email menu, and press X to compose one. Send it to 
your Satellite Admin (that's the icon in the middle). In the 
subject heading, title it "Cipher" except without the quotes. 
Make sure only the C is capitalized. Write the Cipher EXACTLY as 
it is shown in the body section. Send it. You will either get a 
message saying you screwed it up or the Cipher is not valid, or 
the thing back from your Admin.

Lastly, this section is incomplete, and I will add on more as I 
find them. My friend could only crack a portion of the codes, 
and is working diligently on more. If you have any I haven't 
listed, email them to me, and I can credit you for them.

All right, here we go.

Sample Cipher
---
Item Obtained

SIXGAME-O
---
D. Energy

ILABCLERSAS
---
D. Energy

NGAMEMA
RESCAFROT
---
D. Energy

NROSIMAMSTU
---
Unlocker

ALPTUNZLA
---
Unlocker

DWOWOOLFS
---
Cloaker

ISNBDUBO
---
Cloaker

PREOBCOPB
---
SearchEye

CENCARLEBBUB
---
D. Eye

KMALEETZCP
---
M. Breath

OSLEGRATE
---
HevyCannon

Win big with a
Star Force Big
Bang!
---
PlasmaGun3

ROHNATPE
---
HeatBall3

How many more
until you have
all the cards?
---
FreezNukle

Get stronger
through
BrotherBands!
---
GrndWave3

NGYNGICUS
---
GhstPulse2

Check out the
Mega Man
website!
---
GhstPulse3

Taurus Fire
---
FireRing3

LAREBARAON
---
TimeBomb1

Let's form a
BrotherBand!
---
TimeBomb3

IPHAUEOEUNQC
---
TailBurnr3

Time to bust
some EM
viruses!
---
WideWave3

Dec. 17, 1986
---
ChainBubl3

Mega Man 20th
Anniversary
Game
---
StickyRain3

KNIGSPIAREM
---
FlickrKck3

Let's combine
our strength!
---
BraveSwrd3

I love Battle
Network!
---
SyncHook1

AURIEFRUTS
---
Recover50

Store info in
your Transer!
---
TaurusFireSP

Brother Action
RPG
---
QnOphiucaSP

Star Force,
the ultimate
power!
---
LeoKingdomSP

Legendary
Master Shin
---
DragonSkySP

Go On Air
to trade info
with friends.
---
PegasusMgcSP
Credits go to Protoman0 of Gamefaqs boards.

#################
#VERSION HISTORY#[VHZ]
#################

This guide is currently in its 1st version as of August 20, 2007.
Version 2: Aug 21: Minor error changes.

#########
#CREDITS#[CRT]
#########

Thanks to myself for writing this incredible guide. Thanks to 
various people in GameFaqs and The UnderSquare (too many to name) 
for their interest in Mega Man. Thanks to RockGXWing for hacking 
the game for the Cipher Codes. Thanks to Scott and Alex for 
allowing me to utilize their versions of the game to complete 
the guide. Thanks to my parents, because everyone always thanks 
them. Thanks to T. Anai, who was in the credits, and I'm sure no 
one else will personally thank him. Finally, thanks to CAPCOM for 
the blue bomber.

############################
#COPYRIGHT AND CONTACT INFO#[CPF]
############################

This product is under internet copyright by Spencer Crittenden, 
AKA Merfy, or The Sixler, and, as I'm sure you know, means 
absolutely nothing. Even so, I would rather you didn't steal 
this in its entirety without my permission, and would also ask 
not you not to take any part of this without my permission. IF 
YOU REALLY WANT THIS THAT BAD, contact me. I will probably be 
willing to allow other websites to use this if they ask me 
first, but until this occurs, only GAMEFAQS, NeoSeeker, MyCheats,
and CheatCodeCentral currently have my permission to use this 
guide.

I can be contacted via email at MerfyMail@GMail.com

You can email me for just about any reason. If you have anything 
to contribute, such as locations of the cards, or you find an 
error, spelling, information, or otherwise, contact me and I will 
change it at once. I usually check my mail at least once a day, 
often more. If you have questions, comments, or concerns, feel 
free to email me. That said, I probably do not have much more 
information available than what is in this guide.

Copyright 2007 By Spencer Crittenden